I'd like to book a trip to Atlantis from Caprica on Saturday, August 13, 2016 for 8 adults. I have a tight budget of 1700.
Yes, how about going to Neverland from Caprica on August 13, 2016 for 5 adults. For this trip, my budget would be 1900.
I have no flexibility for dates... but I can leave from Atlantis rather than Caprica. How about that?
I suppose I'll speak with my husband to see if we can choose other dates, and then I'll come back to you.Thanks for your help
Hello, I am looking to book a vacation from Gotham City to Mos Eisley for $2100.
What about a trip from Gotham City to Neverland for the same budget?
Would any packages to Mos Eisley be available if I increase my budget to $2500?
You know what, I'd like to try and visit Neverland
Do you have any trips from Gotham City to Kobe for my original budget of $2100?
No, that's too far for me. I need a flight that leaves from Birmingham.
How many days would I be in Kobe?
What would the price be if I shortened my trip by one day?
Ok, then I would like to purchase this package. What activities are included in this package?
Yes, I would like to book this package.
Hello there i am looking to go on a vacation with my family to Gotham City, can you help me?
Not sure when we want to leave, but we are 12 kids and 5 adults
yes i do, it is around $2200
We are from Neverland
we can depart from Toronto
hmm what options would i have out of Toronto?
that would be nice
No sorry i was planning on getting a tan this vacation. Thanks, is there anywhere else? Thank you
is there anywhere else?
What options do you have available for me?
That sounds interesting. how many stars does the hotel have?
Ahh...maybe another time
Hi I'd like to go to Caprica from Busan, between Sunday August 21, 2016 and Wednesday August 31, 2016
Actually it's unlimited for this trip
2 adults
Do you have anything for San Antonio as a destination?
Is breakfast included?
That sounds great. 1:00 am return on Sunday August 28th is very early in the morning... 
Yes I would. Thanks for your help.
Hello, I am looking to book a trip for 2 adults and 6 children for $21,300 or less. We are departing from Kochi for Denver.
I do not have any dates in mind. I would like to spend as much time in Denver as my budget will allow.
Do these packages have different departure dates? When would I be leaving for each of them?
Ok, I would like to purchase the trip with the 4-star hotel.
Thank you
Hey, i Want to go to St. Louis on the 17th of August
I need to back by the 31st
I’m from Calgary
Yes that sounds perfect may you please tell me about the destination place
That sounds lavish, what type of flight would that be?
Are there any possible flights with economy class?
that sounds even better.
Yes please, that sounds wonderful. thank you
I'm looking for a trip to Gotham City leaving from Kakariko Village on Saturday, August 13, 2016. 3 adults for no more than $2400 USD.
I'd like to adjust the departure city to Caprica.
The dates cannot be changed. How about going to Theed with 14 adults, leaving from Kakariko Village, on a budget of $2900?
Then I will bring my business elsewhere. Thank you.
Hello, I would like to book a 2-week trip leaving from Melbourne on August 27. I would like to go to Mannheim.
I do not have a budget, however I would like to pick whichever package is cheapest. Could you offer me the cheapest package for each destination?
Is there a package to Mannheim which offers a cheaper hotel? I am flexible with my dates of arrival and departure.
What would the cost be if I stayed for 10 days in Mexico City?
Actually I am leaving from Melbourne, Australia. How does this affect the price of the trip?
Could I purchase a package  to Vancouver similar to the one I was offered?
Ok, thank you for your time anyways
Hello, I am planning to book a trip to pittsborgh
i think so!
We will be leaving from Fukuoka
there will be myself, 1 adult, and my four kids
none at the moment
also not sure yet
I would like to see the availabilities in Vancouver please
I have $12600 to spend on this vacation
we are very flexible with dates anything would work
that’s very unfortunate, thank you anyways
Hi, I need to go to Mos Eisley for a wedding, leaving on Saturday, August 13, 2016 and returning on Tuesday, August 16, 2016. Preferably for $3700.
I'd like to get away from Monday, August 15, 2016 to Wednesday, August 31, 2016. My budget is $3200 and I would leave from Detroit.
Anywhere, I'm looking for an adventure. What do you have?
Let's look at both
Can you please suggest some destinations that are available? I am leaving from Detroit.
Anything between August 15 and August 31?
No I cannot. Thank you for your help
Good day, please book me a trip from Vancouver, Jamaica to Recife. I would like to leave for 17 days on August 24.
No, I would like to depart from Vancouver, Jamaica for the aforementioned destination.
I would not like to travel to Vancouver, Canada.  Do you have any trips to Recife, Brazil?
I will take any package you give me to any destination as long as it leaves from Vancouver, Jamaica.
If you cannot book me a flight that leaves from Vancouver, Jamaica then I cannot book a trip.
Actually I will be departing from Vancouver, British Columbia, do you have packages to Recife?
Do you have any similar packages to Goiania?
What kind of hotel would I be staying at in Recife?
Would my room have a view of the city? How much would it cost to upgrade to a room with a view?
Ok, I'm ready to buy this package
I was supposed to leave on August 24th. Do you have any packages that leave on that date?
Actually I would like to purchase the first package to Recife.
Thanks
Hi im looking for a nice destination that i could go to from Columbus
What options are there for both
$3700 is my budget at the moment
Toronto seems like a better place this time of year, when would the flights be?
would by chance have one leaving on the 19th
let’s go ahead and book this
thank you
Hi, I have a big family and we can't afford a big vacation, we want to go to Atlantis from Mos Eisley for $3600 at most.
Nope
12 adults and one child.
No, we are visiting family in Atlantis. Can you check once more please?
Yes, I'm quite sure. Thank you for your help.
Hi, I'm leaving from Diagon Alley and going to Coruscant on a budget of $3400. The dates don't matter, but I cannot afford anything over my budget.
Just myself.
What about Neverland on the same budget?
No I cannot do another location. What if I increased my budget by $400?
nor Coruscant?
Ok thanks.
Hi there, im from Vitoria and I want to go on vacation
I would like to go to Santo domingo
yes that sounds fine, looking to leave on the 19th
what is the hotel like?
what type of flight is that going to be?
let’s book it please
Thank you
Hi, me and my family want to take a trip to Kakariko Village.
We are four adults and 11 children departing from Godric's Hollow. $3500 is the most we are willing to spend.
I would not be able to spend more than $4500
We'll catch a flight from Toronto then. We're headed for Kakariko Village.
Ok, do you have any travel packages to Kingston, Canada for 11 kids and 4 adults, $3500 or less, departing from Toronto?
Do you have any information on what activities are included in the package?
Is this a direct flight to Kingston or do we have to make a transfer? Are the tickets business class?
Yes, I'll take it. Thank you
Hi, I'm looking for a trip  from Thursday, August 18, 2016 to Thursday, September 8, 2016 to Mexico City
Kingston
How many stars do the hotels have and what's included with the hotel?
I prefer 3 stars and above. I'm flexible with my budget, is there anything else in Columbo?
That's looking good. I want to see a few more options before I choose one. There's nothing available in Porto?
Porto would be great. Can you tell me more about the hotel.
Excellent. I'll stay at the Amistad for 13 days. Thanks for your help.
Hi im from Caprica looking to book a vacation to Hyrule
Ya for sure, not sure where, lets see what would fit my plans between the 13th of august and the 16th
How about if i leave fro Birmingham?
sure lets try Vancouver then
I want to leave on the 13th of august and be back on the 16th
I want to leave on the 13th
you know none of these are meeting my requests. i will just go with another service. Thank you.
Hey man, imma leave from Godric's Hollow on August 27, 2016 and go to Goiania. Can't pay more than 4300USD. Watcha got?
Just me
yeah how about Montreal?
that's leaving on August 27th?
nothing closer to the 27th?
ya that's awesome. I'll book it. thanks man.
HI im from Alexandria looking to book a 12 day vacation
no sorry that wouldn’t. I will look elsewhere thank you!
Hi im from termina can we find a vacation that starts on the 13th?
How about if i leave from Vancouver where would i be able to go?
and if i were to leave from columbus?
what do we have for Toronto?
i have a budget of $3000, and let’s say that i leave from Mexico City
no that is all thank you i will try another service. Thank you
Hi. I'm looking for an adventure from Thursday, August 18 to Saturday, September 3. I'm thinking of going to Fortaleza. Yes, with free breakfast of course. I'm leaving from Essen.
Can you tell me more about the Fortaleza package?
How many stars is the hotel?
Is there free wifi?
I like the Fortaleza package. How about the Ciudad Juarez and Burlington packages, is there free wifi and parking in addition to breakfast?
I'll book the Fortaleza package please.
Perfect. Thank you for your help
Hi, my name is Harry Potter and I'd like to go to Hogsmeade leaving from Kakariko Village on Saturday, August 13th for 3 nights with 11 friends.
What? No. I'm looking for a trip to Hogsmeade with 11 of my friends.
I'll have to talk about it with my friends and get back to you. Thank you for your help.
Hi looking to go on vacation on the 13th of august
How about Naples
Vancouver
im planning on a three day get away from the 13th to the 16th of August
ya that sounds interesting can you tell me more about this package?
are there any other Hotels?
How much would that be?
and is that flight in Business class?
can we upgrade it?
yes please that sounds perfect! Thank You!
Hi. I live in Busan and I'd like to go to Las Vegas from Wednesday August 17 to Monday September 5. What's available?
Perhaps another time, I'm really just looking for Las Vegas.
Around 3000USD
How much is a package to Punta Cana?
I'd like to compare the Cairo and Punta Cana packages. What are the hotels, how many stars, free wifi, free breakfast?
I'd like to book the Cairo package. Thank you!
Hello, I want to leave from Seoul on August 27 and return on September 9. You can go to Manaus.
No budget, I show me an array of packages with varying prices
Would I be staying in a room with an ocean front view? How much would it cost to upgrade to such a room?
Does the hotel have a gym which guests can access?
Please. Thanks
I'm a polygamist and I'd like to travel with my 6 partners and 1 child to San Juan from Pittsburgh on a budget of 6600 USD
Can you tell me how much the hotel is per night, in case we make a last minute decision to stay one more night?
How much would it cost from August 17th to August 25th?
Ok I'll book the package with 8 days in Pittsburgh from August 17th to the 24th. Thank you.
Hi, send me on a 10 day-trip away from Cairo. I'd like to leave August 15. Send me to Sendai. Money is not object
Just me, one adult
Would you be able to tell me which airline I would be flying with?
Would it be possible to upgrade to first class?
Could you tell me if either of these hotels allows pets?
Yes, I would like to book this package.
Good afternoon, I'd like to book a trip with my son from August 18 to August 29. He and I would be leaving from Curitiba. What destinations can you offer?
Goodness that's too expensive. Is there anything you can offer around $2600?
Is there anything for 2600USD between the dates of August 18 and August 29th? For less than 10 days?
Fantastic! What are the departure and arrival dates?
What is the hotel, and how many stars does it have?
I like the Scarlet Palms Resort. What are the departure and arrival dates?
Is there an indoor pool at the hotel?
Ok I'll book this one.
Thank you!
Hi, my family and i are booking a trip to Sacramento, can you help us?
we would be coming from San Diego
there will be 3 kids and myself (an adult)
not really
depends on the package we get
im willing to spend at most $4200
yes actually that would be wonderful can i upgrade the flight?
yes please that sounds perfect! Thank you.
Hi I need a break from Gotham City, the crime rate is just too high. I'd like to go to Hogsmead with 3 kids and 9 adults.
No thank you, in that case I will stay in Gotham City. Thanks for your help.
Hello, I have 15 vacation days available between June 1st and August 31st. I am leaving from Theed. I would like to go somewhere with lots of sunshine.
Do you have any departures from Kobe, Japan?
How about Birmingham City?
What are my options for hotels?
How much would this package be? Could you offer me a cheaper hotel?
Could you show me some hotels with lower guest ratings and lower prices?
What other destinations could you offer me if I'm departing from Birmingham City?
How much are the packages to each city?
I would like to see both options, along with the hotels offered
I can extend my vacation time to the 14th of September, does this open up any new options?
Could you tell me which of these resorts offers free wifi?
I am also inquiring about the previous offered packages
Could you let me know which class I would be flying in for each destination?
I would prefer to fly economy
Then I would like to travel to Vancouver and stay at the Western Ridge
Hello! I live in Munich and I'd like to book any kind of trip between Monday, August 15th and Friday August 26th for 3 adults and 3 kids.
I have a budget of 2800 USD... Do you have anything cheaper? Perhaps for a shorter duration?
I'll book 6 days in Mannheim.
Yes perfect. How is the hotel?
Perfect! I will book this one.
Thank you!
Hi im from punta cana looking to go on a trip
Im thinking to Fukuoka
maybe the 15th of August until the 20th
just myself
where would i be staying?
what is the rating
and what if i were to go to Essen?
The three star option
these dates don’t look like they would be compatible with my schedule. Hey, how about going to hiroshima?
Is there a flight to Santiago
can you compare the price of this and the one to the package in St. Loius
and how much is the trip to Fukuoka and what are the dates?
which of these have the best rated hotels?
it seems to me that the packages in Essen are the best offer. So what are the dates?
the 3 star hotel seems to be the best how much would it be to book a business class flight?
If i were to choose economy class what would it be?
yes i believe it will be. lets book the 3 star hotel
sounds perfect! thank you!
Hey! You can help me by finding a trip to Philadelphia from Maceio.
Let's start with Philadelphia, how much is it I upgrade to business class?
And for a four star hotel?
Let's see about Fukuoka upgraded to business class and a four star hotel.
Is this hotel in the downtown area of the city?
Is there a spa in the hotel?
I will keep this option in mind. How about Essen, do you have anything less than 14 days?
Around 11 days.
Good idea. What about Canoas?
What about porto alegre
I would prefer 11 days
Anytime in the month of September
In that case, let's go back to the Fukuoka 11 day package.
Yes please.
In that case, I will take the 11 day package. One more thing, is there free breakfast?
 I'll book this one. Thank you, friend!
Good afternoon. I'd like to book a business trip to New York from Mannheim. What can you offer?
Dates are flexible, but I have a company budget of 3100 USD. I'd like to go either in August or September.
how much will it cost?
What about leaving around September 13th?
I prefer the one leaving on August 17th. Is there free wifi?
That sounds very nice. Does the package include a business class flight?
Yes I would!
What is the time of arrival?
Great! And the time at which I will be departing from Mannheim to return to nyc?
Excellent. There is a possibility that I may need to bring a co-worker with me. How much would the trip cost for 2 people?
I see. In that case I will book this trip only for myself today.
It was a pleasure! Thank you.
I would like a vacation for one in Mannheim from August 17 to September 7. My city of departure is Porto Alegre. It should cost less than $3000.
How much would this package cost?
If I increase my budget to $6000, does that open up any options from August 17 to September 7?
What other destinations can you offer me with these dates?
Are there packages for two-week trips within these dates?
Are both of the packages to Porto still available if I bring my wife with me?
Yes, please.
What is the second package
I would like to book the first package to Vancouver
Hi I am planning on booking a vacation soon, around August 27th
I was thinking maybe St. Louis
I will be departing from Tijuana. I'll be going solo
what type of packages would i get if i were to go to Mannheim instead?
im looking for a longer trip, would there perhaps be one in san antonio?
yes i could as long as i return by September 17th
What would the duration be? and could I see some better rated hotels?
they seem very accommodating, how much would this stay on the 1st be compared a vacation in mannheim at the regal resort?
for business class
in contrast to mannheim?
I think i would like to book the trip to mannheim, leaving on the 27th
thank you very much
Hi! I hear Hogsmeade has some excellent bars. Can you book me a trip there from Diagon Alley, leaving on August 13th? For 7 men and women
Well, we were thinking Dominican Republic could be fun as well.
Yes, Vancouver.
Punta Cana is good!
that's just a little over my budget... what about for 3 adults instead of 7?
The trip meant to be a bachelor party for my friend. is there an open bar at the hotel?
How many stars is it?
Let's try 4 stars.
End of August, anytime after the 22nd of August.
2.5 stars will do. Can you offer any additional activities?
How about breakfast?
Are there other hotels in the area that do?
In that case I will book the first one for 1651. 40 USD.
When do we leave?
leave Punta Cana?
Great! I'll book this one. Thank you
Hi!
Ok great! I'm looking for a trip from August 19th to September 3rd, and I'm thinking of going to Mexico City. I would be departing from Busan.
Yes! For the first time.
That sounds nice. What is the name of the hotel?
Does it have a view of the ocean?
Great! Do you know if there is free wifi and breakfast?
What are the departure dates?
The second option is how many days?
I'll keep the second Mexico City option in mind. I have some other places that I'd like to consider.
What about Santo Domingo for the same dates?
5 days?
With free breakfast?
Amazing! This one is already looking better than Mexico City. What are the departure and arrival dates and times?
That sounds great to me. I have two other cities that I'd like to consider. Let's start with Toronto. What can you get me for the same dates with free breakfast?
I like the sound of that. What are the departure and arrival dates and times for this one?
Excellent. Can you see what's available in Athens?
Yes please!
Not interested. Let's go back to the Toronto package. How many stars?
Does it have a spa?
I will still book the Toronto package. I can't wait!
Great thank you so much!
We are 3 adults and three kids looking for a vacation between August 18 and September 4
How much does each option cost?
What kind of hotel is offered for each?
What kind of flight is offered for each?
I can increase my budget by $200, does that open up any new options?
Are there any other flights to Vancouver leaving  around the same time from another departure city?
I would like to depart from Baltimore
Any time between August 18 and September 4.
For which destination?
How much does each of these packages cost?
What class would I be flying in for each of these destinations?
I would like to buy the Toronto package
hi I’m looking to go on a trip to Caprica
It seems that that doesn’t work well for me as i need to go there. Thankos, bye 
Hi! I'd like to go to Boston from Mos Eisley on August 15th.
Not Vancouver, anything for Porto Alegre?
What about if I leave from Rome instead of Mos Eisley?
Is departure on the 15th of August?
I need to leave on the 15th of August.
I don't have a specific date in mind.
nope.
What about Porto Alegre?
How much is it?
I should have mentioned earlier, we are 6 adults.
That's way too much! I have a budget of 3700 USD!
Ok, thank you for your help, friend.
Hi im looking to make a quick trip im from tampa and want to go to Dallas
not really
not sure yet
that sounds nice what activities are at the hotel? Let's see what the price for economy is
there will be 1 child and 7 adults
we would like the economy package please
thank you very much sounds perfect!
Hi im from Leon and looking to get away
Maybe milan
august 18th. until september 2nd
what are the hotels like in these two places
what are the price differences for the two 4 star hotels?
let’s say for all packages in respect to business class
seems like Naples is a little too expensive what packages are there in Hamburg?
i would rather go to milan. i would like to take the package with the 4 stars
perfect lets book it. thank you!
I'd like to go to Manaus from Miami between August 19th and September 2nd.
Myself and two colleagues
That's great! What are the dates?
Excellent! For 3 people?
What amenities does the hotel have?
Perfect. I'd like to also compare the prices for a trip to Kobe between the same dates.
What are the departure and arrival dates and times?
Looking good so far. What amenities does this hotel have?
And how many stars?
What about the hotel in Manas?
The Kobe package is considerably less expensive, I'll go with that one.
Thank you!
I am one person voyaging to Tampa. I can depart from Indianapolis. Must be between 20th and 31 August.
No, and I have expensive taste
On second thought, I would like to go to Busan.
Would I be allowed to got with me and four colleagues?
Nevermind, I would like to depart from Queenstown
Heyo!
I'd like to go to Seattle from Belem between August 27th and September 5th. What is available?
That sounds good. What are my options if I leave from Belo Horizonte?
For how much?
Ok let me see, what about a trip to Paris leaving from Belem between the same dates?
What about Sao Paulo?
Travel to Sao Paulo.
Fantastic! And if I leave from Belo Horizonte?
Ok. I choose the trip to Seattle from Belem. What are the arrival and departure dates and times?
Yes!
Excellent! Let's book this one.
Thanks, friend!
Hi! I'm looking for a trip to Milan with two of my best friends for march break, what's available?
From Cleveland between Wednesday August 17 and Saturday August 27!
Oh no! My friends and I are on a budget of $5400!
What about Pittsburgh? It seems to be a trendy destination this year.
The airport isn't chic enough, do you have something else around there?
Do you have anything else?
Eeeeeeeeeeee I love it! Ok, so how many stars is the hotel?!
Ooooo yes of course!!!!!!
Perfect! Is there good shopping nearby?!
Ok I'll send them a tweet! I'll book this one!
I love you! Thanks so much!
Hello there! Looking to get away between August 27th and August 30th! Can you help me?
Not at the moment, but i am from Mexico City
Im thinking as long as we end before August 31st. What are the packages like in Punta Cana?
0 stars seems attracting! I think i will fly Economy for this cheap trip!
amazing! thanks!
Hi going on vacation with my Family can you help me book a vacation?
We want to go to Atlanta
in total the party will be 7 kids and 5 adults
We’re in Santa cruz!
Rosario seems like a nice place? what packages do we have there?
we have around $34300, depending on how good the deal is were willing to change it. At the moment we can go whenever
what options are there for Buenos Aires?
I am looking for a 4 and up star hotel
How much would that be for Business?
yes that would work perfectly! :slightly_smiling_face: please book it
Thank you
Good morning.
I'd like to book a trip to Rome for business purposes. What's available for departures from Calgary?
That's a possibility, and what about between August 27 and September 12th?
Excellent! For how much?
I prefer 2 and above. I may also have a colleague travelling with me. What else can you offer?
As I mentioned seconds ago, I may have a colleague travelling with me.
FOR TWO PEOPLE!
I need free wifi, is this included?
Excellent! I will most probably book this one, but I would like to see about one more destination.
To Paris. What can you offer around the same dates? Again, for two people.
How many stars is the hotel?
That is suitable. Is the wifi free?
Excellent. And what are the departure and arrival dates and times?
Great, and for leaving Paris?
I prefer the Hotel Emerald Legacy package. I will book this one.
Thank you. You can be sure that I will bring my business here again.
I am from London and am looking to book a vacation package!
are there any that go to San Diego?
hmmm I can only leave from London, what are the best options in Denver?
let's see what we can do with something a bit further how about pittsburgh? what packages do we have there?
is there anything leaving a bit later
anything after the 30th?
when would they be returning?
can we book the one that returns on the 18th?
the sunny wolf seems to be a better place. how much would that be?
can we book the economy flight?
Thank you! Goodbye.
I want to book a trip to Valencia!
I think i will be leaving from lima!
I want to have the time of my life, the more expensive, the better
Business it will be! those dates seem to fit in, I have to be back by september 11th! how much would  trip like that come out to?
not yet, i was wondering what other options would i have in Punto cana.
id rather the longer stay!
id rather depart on the 27th of August!
what rating does this have
honestly this seems like  a semi memorable place, i think valencia would be my best bet
that seems to be just perfect! i can not wait! thank you so much im going to have the best time of my life!
thank you
Hi. I am in dire need of a vacation.
I'd like to go to Mannheim for 8 days leaving from Paris. I have September 1 to September 19th off. What is available? This time, money isn't a problem, I'm treating myself. I'm looking for luxury this vacation.
That's exactly what I'm looking for! I'd also like to compare for trips to Porto Alegre. What can you offer?
Anything with 5 stars?
Ok, can we take another look at the Mannheim package then?
Oh my! And how many stars?
Absolutely perfect! What are the arrival and departure times?
Great, I'd like to book this one please.
Thank you!
Hi. I need to book a vacation to Long Beach between August 25 and September 3. Departure is from Paris
Preferably by the 3rd. Is there anything available?
I'm not quite sure I understand, is there anything available leaving Long Beach to go to Paris between August 25 and September 3rd?
No. I would like to leave Long Beach around the 25th of August to go to Paris for some reason. What is so confusing about that!?
Finally! No, don't book yet, I would like to know more about the hotel. Is there free breakfast?
Look buddy, is there free breakfast or not? Tell me, am I gonna get eggs, toast, cereal, etc? You know? The good stuff?
What is the price of this toastless package?
Is this the cheapest option?
And the hotel has how many stars?
Ok I will book this one.
What do you mean?
I will not book this trip. Goodbye.
Hi! I'd like to do some vacation shopping!
I live in Campinas, and I'd like to travel from August 25 the September 7. Let's start by looking at Vancouver!
Is there free breakfast, wifi or parking?
How many stars?
Great! Now what about La Paz?
I would like some details about this one, please. For how much and how many days?
What amenities does the hotel have?
Can we take a look at trips to Kyoto?
Let's look at August 25 to 30th.
Yes actually, I prefer August 27 to September 1.
Great! what are the options for August 26 to 31?
Wow considerably cheaper! Can you tell me about the hotel's amenities?
Great! I also want to look at Puebla for the same dates.
The Puebla package is the cheapest, I'd like to know more about it. The hotel has how many stars?
I really like this package. Is there a spa?
If you don't mind yes please!
That's ok, let's go back to the 4.0 star hotel. Is there free wifi and breakfast? I won't have a car, so I don't need free parking.
Great! What's the name of the hotel? I'd like to give them a call.
The hotel is great. I will book this one please!
Thanks!
Hi i am planning my honeymoon for my wife and myself. I am looking for the best deal but it needs to be the best time! can you helo us?
we’re getting married in San Jose and we want to leave on August 27th. we have already spent so much on the wedding and only have $2700 to sepnd
is anything a little warmer perhaps?
`Honestly we cant but that package seems fine as long as we will be together what activities or options does this package have?
That sounds amazing thank you! and again how much will that be?
yes please that sounds amazing!
Hey Im looking for a nice get away can you help me?
just myself!  im from North Vancouver
SEATTLE!  what options do we have there?
I have some specific dates due to my work i can only be gone from  August 15th until september 2nd
is there any possibility of finding a package where i can be back on the 2nd?
thats very upsetting seems like i just wont take a vacation. thanks anyways'
The police are after me, and I need to leave Kobe between August 27 and September 2.
Take me anywhere, but I only have $4600 cash.
Four days may not be long enough... what else do you have?
That should be alright. Does the room have a safe?
Perfect! So if I steal a car I can park it there! I'll have to call the hotel about the safe, what is the name of the hotel?
And free parking?
Oh yes ok. This one sounds good to me!
Hi we're from Miami and we want to go to paris, can you help out?
7 kids and 5 adults in this party
$27500 is my budget
what type of options do these hotels offer/
how much would it be for the two best rated ones?
the most expensive one is still in my budget. can we book it?
the one in August please
thank you!
Hi im looking to go to Fukuoka
Hello wozbot!
My husband and I are recently married, we are looking for a honeymoon vacation.
Perhaps Toronto. We are currently in Rome for business, we'd like to leave from here. We're looking at going from August 18 to August 29th.
Not very. The divorce is planned for August 30th.
Yes please.
Yes of course! Is the hotel 5 stars?
This is a very special time for us. I'd like to see what you have that's 5 stars please.
That is good. Is there a spa?
How about breakfast and wifi?
Great! How much is this package with business class?
That sounds good. My husband loves Vancouver, can we take a look at some packages?
From Rome please, and I have a preference for a hotel with a spa. If possible.
Any 5 star hotels?
In that case, how about Columbus?
Ok, what about Calgary? My new boyfriend lives there.
Great! How much?
Is there a spa?
Are there any available that do have a spa?
That's ok. My husband would probably prefer the Toronto package. Can you please give me the flight details?
Business class!
Perfect, lets go right ahead and book this one
Thank you wozbot, it was a pleasure dealing with you.
Hi im going on SPRIINGGG BREAK! can you help me and my friends book a package?
me and my 3 best friends!
we want to leave on the 16th were looking to go to San Juan
We’re leaving from Godric's Hollow
we could leave from birmingham do you have anything from there?
if possible
what are the ones to japan like do they fit my budget?
$2,200
honestly it seems like nothing will work here! thanks!
Hi wozbot. I'd like to book a vacation for my 7 kids and myself.
I don't really have a preference for a destination, but I would like free breakfast. We would be leaving from Kingston for a vacation between August 19 and August 31.
That sounds nice. My husband requested I stick to a budget of $25600. What is the price of this package?
Do you have any packages with a longer stay that ends preferably by August 24?
Fantastic! How much is the trip?
Great. Breakfast is included?
Great lets book it!
Thank you wozbot!
Hi im looking to book my Honeymoon
We were thinking of Fortaleza
We will be leaving from Santos
leaving on the 17th is perfect! what options do i have there?
what are the price differences?
yes please, is there a different price between hotels?
what options do you have in philadelphia, with the same dates?
I think Fortaleza seems like a better destination can we book the cheapest option?
yes please! that would be wonderful
thank you very much!
Hi wozbot! I'd like to book a spring break vacation for myself and 3 of my best friends
We'll be leaving from Goiania. Rosario is the place to be this year! Our spring break starts on August 28 and ends on September 4, can you find us something between those dates?
Is there anything in between? Not necessarily for the whole length of the break?
No, everything's ruined now. Thanks though.
Hi im planning my Spring break can you help me find the best deals?
my three best friends and myself
we are in Montreal
Calgary seems fun! we want to leave between the 19th and 31st of august
I will be, around $4700
are there any flights with Business class?
then nevermind lets book the one within my budget!
Thank you
Hi 7 colleagues and i are planning on going on a trip can you help?
we can leave from Birmingham
there is no budget at the moment. We are planning on going to paris
We need to find a vacation between August 26th and September 15th
yes it would!!
what type of rating does it have
how much would that be?
this sounds perfect!
yes please
Hi wozbot! My husband and I are recently married and madly in love. We're looking for a fantastic honeymoon vacation. We live in Mannheim and we'd like to go to Kyoto for 6 days leaving on August 19. What can you do for me?
What's available closest to the 19th?
This one sounds interesting, but I'd really like a vacation of 6 days, preferably leaving on the 19th of August. Can we take a look at Osaka?
hi im from Coruscant looking to go to atlantis
i can leave from Kakariko Village does that work?
im gonna go now, thanks anyway
HI im from Punta Cana can you help me find a vacation
just by myself
not at the moment but im looking for the best deal
is there anything to mannheim?
amazing glad to know and opposed to Mexico City what does the price look like
is there anything leaving on the 19th?
regal resort seems great! ca we upgrade that flight?
yes please do!
Thanks you!
I want to get away for a bit! im from Houston
OH i've never been to the north pole! what is Calgary like?
I thought calgary was there! what do the prices look like?
what type of flight is that?
that seems like it could be a great possibility what about Denver
seems like calgary is cheaper. what dates are they? can we book that?
sounds amazing! lets do it!
I live in Toronto, can we se what packages are available in Cairo from August 17 to September 7?
Lets take a look at Pittsburgh as a destination!
How about Leon?
Can you tell me where the nearest city with available flights is?
What about flights to La Paz from Toronto?
Not for this trip, my future child deserves the very best!
I have business in Calgary around those dates, what say I leave from Calgary, could I get a trip somewhere?
That is excellent! Can you tell me more about this hotel? Does it include breakfast and free wifi? Or a spa perhaps?
Yes, thank you. I prefer business class for this trip.
What a deal! Yes please do.
Thank you, I was great dealing with you!
Hi i need a 5 day get away!
Im leaving from Queenstown
I really want to go to Sao Paulo is there anything there?
August 17, 2016 to Wednesday, August 31, 2016 are the dates i could be gone
that looks great. what are the hotels like?
how much for the 3 star
can we go ahed and book that?
thanks!
HI there! my family and i are looking to go to Burlington
1 child and 6 adults
Campinnas
ya sure that sounds great! and how much would that be for business?
Let's book it! too good of a deal!
thank you!
Hi im looking to book  trip. anything leaving from Kakariko Village?
termina perhaps?
Anything going to Caprica
Good afternoon, my man! I'd like to plan a honeymoon in Naples for 5 days leaving from Madrid on August 17. What is available?
August 19 to the 23rd would be perfect. Can you tell me about the hotel's amenities?
Wonderful! Can you provide me with the flight times?
Yes lets do that.
Hi i want to plan my honeymoon to rome
6 days
any leaving from San Diego?
ya that sounds fine!
i have a maximum budget of $3900
what are they like?
that sounds amazing thats what i like! how much will they be?
they seem to be a little over my budget anything a little less maybe economy class flight?
honestly that would work better :slightly_smiling_face:
yes please!
Hi im from Houston and i want to go to San Antonio, but i have strict dates can you help?
August 25th until September 11th are the days im available
ill be alone
that sounds very tempting! are there any packaged available to mexico?
yes please it looks like Mexico is the better choice
perfect! thank you
Hi im from Los Angeles. looking for a good vacation
im not sure to be honest
what about san francisco?
how about vancouver?
how long would the stay in Rome be?
i think i might have to go with Rome
can i see the options for the 4 star hotels?
all have wifi?
perfect! book me the cheapest one please
please upgrade it! and thank you!
thx
I have 11 days of time off starting on August 17. Can you offer me any vacation packages leaving from Portland?
No, I've recently inherited a gigantic sum of money.  I prefer 4 stars and above, as well as free breakfast if possible, please.
No particular destination in mind, I'm just looking for an adventure. How about Paris to start?
The Marseille and Germany packages are very attractive. I'd like to know more about hotel in the Marseille package. Is breakfast included?
I will be travelling alone. How much is this package?
I am, but first I'd like to see what the price is with an upgrade to business class, and perhaps compare this package to the Germany deal.
Is it possible to upgrade the Frankfurt flight to business class?
That's fine. I will book the 10 day Germany Mellow Palms Resort vacation package.
Great, thank you. I will most certainly book my next vacation with you.
Hi im travelling from Nagoya. i would like to go on vacation on August 26th
Busan
just myself for now
not at the moment
are there any other packages in Sacramento?
sacramento is a little pricey i would like the trip to busan pflying on the 1st
thanks a lot!
Hi! I have a $3300 budget and am looking for a vacation
Im leaving from miami on August 25th
that sound amazing! what type of hotel is that?
thats amazing! are there any other destinations available?
maybe somewhere warm and somewhere that i could be back by August 29th
how about naples?
i cant. I think the vacation to seattle seems most appropriate
you got it!
thanks!
Hi im looking to go on a trip to baltimore
Im from Las Vegas!
im looking to leave on August 25th, do you have anything around there?
10 days in baltimore seem perfect! can you tell me about the hotels?
ya for sure!
thank you so much
My name is Gary Peter and I'd like to book a trip to Diagon Alley from Godric's Hollow on August 13th.
That is unfortunate. Although I suppose I am just a fictional character. Thank you and goodbye!
Hi! My 3 best friends and I are looking for a trip to Neverland between August 16 and 19 on a very tight budget of $3500. What can you do for us?
Sorry, my mistake. we are leaving from Neverland and would like to go to Leon.
Sure, why not! Lets see what's available.
Our friend The Amazing Peter can take us anywhere, Valencia Spain would be the most convenient.
I'll have to check with my 3 best friends. How much is the package?
August 17 to the 23rd works for everyone, even Peter Pan, who will take us to the airport. Is breakfast included?
Thank you very much!
Hi im from Barkcelona, looking for a trip!
i will be travelling alone
i was thinking of going to Santo domingo are there any flights from Barkcelona?
i need to leave from Barkcelona i dont think this will work out thank you tho!
hi i want to go on vacation i leave from cancun
im thinking of Santos
i want to leave on the 15th
perfect!
yes it does! what type of hotel?
very nice! whats the pricing like?
and how much if i were to go to pittsborgh?
which hotel is better?
and what are the classes of the flights?
i think i would prefer to go to Santos
yes please! thanks!
thanks you!
Hi im taking the family on a trip to Manaus is that possible with a budget of $3900
i would like to leave from salvador
3 kids seven adults
ya sure the dates are flexible
the one on the 27th looks good! what the price look like?
perfect let’s book it!
thank you!
Hi looking for a vacation to hamburg
Ill be departing from san jose
sounds good! what is the hotel like?
sounds good! please book it!
thanks!
Hello, I'd like to book a trip to Mos Eisley from Hogsmeade on August 13.
I'd consider travelling to Coruscant with 12 adults on a budget of $2900, leaving on August 13 from Hogsmeade.
That is very unfortunate. Thank you.
Hi! I'd like to plan my honeymoon, but I've spent way too much on my wedding and need to stick to a budget of $4600. Can you offer anything to Marseille for 5 days leaving from Salvador on August 17?
I'm afraid that I really need to stick to my budget. Can you look up packages for Rome?
That is excellent. The hotel is how many stars? Is there a spa?
Holy moly! That is not a good way to start a marriage! Do you have any other packages?
Let's go back to the Marseille deals, and I will reconsider my budget and dates.
Great, I'd like to book this one please!
Thank you!
Hi im fro termina and i want to go on vacation on August 13th
Im looking to go to Kakariko Village
I could leave from Birmingham
not at the moment let's see what is available
potentially which of these places have the best hotel for 5 people
yessir!
to stay in Calgary how much would it be?
queenstown maybe
that would work what is it called/
that seems perfect! what dates would that be/\?
anything closer to august 13th
and when would it return?
if i wanted to be back by the 16th when could i return?
yes please!
what is available for those dates?
okay well i guess ill try another time then
Hi i am looking to go to Punta Cana with my three friends
hi I will be departing from Gotham city
I could leave from Melbourne USA. any packages in La Paz?
i guess punta cana will do!
that would be amazing let’s do it
thank you!
Hello, I'd like to go to Birmingham for 7 days on my honeymoon, leaving from Denver on August 18. What can you offer?
Great. Is Phoenix in the list of other options?
Yes I would please!
This sounds like a great package, although I would like to compare it to a trip to Phoenix. What is available?
Is there anything closer to the 18th of August to Phoenix?
What is the price of the 3 star hotel in Phoenix from August 27 to September 1st?
And what is the price of the 2.5 star hotel?
Economy. I am trying to stay within a budget of $1000.
Is there anything available in Birmingham cheaper than $1242.70?
These are not destinations that I would like to go to. Thank you very much for your time, but, goodbye.
Hi im from neverland! and i want to go to Mos eisley
Maybe Rio de Janeiro?
and that leaves from neverland?
and if i were to go to alexandria?
what is the rating of that?
can we book it?
thank you!
hello! were leaving from Brasilia and looking to book our honeymoon
maybe rome for 7 days
ya for sure i have a small budget due to the wedding but i think we can make it work
no, ill be with the ball and chain
the soon to be mrs. will be attending as well
How about phoenix?
never mind then how about Rome
what is the hotel like?
perfect! lets book it!
Hi im in the middle of travelling  and i want to go to Porto!
i can leave from Minneapolis
Let’s book it!
thank you!
Hi there! I finally have some vacation time starting on August 22nd and I am hoping to go away somewhere really far away and getting away from it all. Do you have any suggestions for me?
I would be leaving from Sydney and I have to be back by Wednesday, September 7.  I'm so excited!
Not really. As long as it is within those dates, or even returning a bit earlier,  and also within my budget, I really don't care where I go. I am just happy to get out of Sydney for a while.
I just got my big yearly bonus so I have $6100.00 to spend. Send me as far away as possible!
What are the dates for the Berlin package? A 5 star package sounds fantastic, as long as it is within my budget.
What else is included in that package?
No, but can you please give me some flight details on it? I don't like flying out too early in the morning! Also, would I be flying economy or business class?
3:00am flight out of Berlin? No way! That means I will have to be at the airport at like midnight! What are the dates for the 8 day package to Brazil? Are the flights any better on that one? And how much is that package?
Is it a business class flight also? Do I get a free breakfast and wifi with that one?
Hmmmm that one could be interesting too. A 4 star would be much better. I don't trust 3 star hotels, they are full of cockroaches! Are the dates and flights the same on that package?
Do you have a flight that departs closer to August 22nd by any chance?
How much is the the 4 star rated hotel to Brazil? Was that one on a business class flight also?
This sounds like the perfect getaway, Brazil is about as far as I can get from Sydney! Can you book that for me please :smile:? Thank you so much for all you help.
Thank you!
I'd like to book a trip to Monterrey from August 17th to August 25th.
Sacramento
Okay, well what about a trip to Caprica for August 17th to the 25th?
No thanks. I think i will take the trip to Monterrey from August 27th to September 3rd.
how much would the trip be for two people?
two adults
I'll take the cheaper option.
Thanks!
hey i wanna go to hiroshima w my fam
yeah im from Philly trying to spending 23500 max
idk
nah im bring 2 wives and 4 kids
hm ok i would like to know where there is free parking
when does my flight depart if i stay at Hotel Royal
yes i live in Philadelphia........................ when do i depart i want to know WHEN
ok is this the same for all hotels?
ok i want to stay at Hotel Royal because i do not want my children to have free breakfast
yes, good. please book
Hi! I'm looking to book a trip somewhere between August 19th and September 3rd. My budget is 1700.
I need to leave from Cairo.
Sure! Let's do that!
Thanks
hey, i'm looking to go to Theed from Caprica on August 13th
yeah me and 12 dwarves are going backpacking around the fictional universe because we recently got a ton of gold from smaug's cave so there's 13 of us
of course!
we want to spend 2500 for all 13 of us
ugh dang it.. Thanks anyhow
I'd like to book a trip from London to somewhere, for August 17th to August 31st.
can i have information for a trip to Salvador as well?
I think I will take the trip to Salvador
sure!
thank you
ay whats up?
me and the squad are trying to get to Baltimore for some fun in and out of the sun
jeez i dunno hopefully like 1 billion HAHA but im only paying for me and my 3 top gals cause i just turned 18 and can access daddy's trust fund :heart_eyes:
this year spring break starts august 17
salvador
ummm actually ive only got 10 grand for this trip and 5500 is for alcohol and shopping so.... 3500 TOPS please
oh... well that hotel should be PERFECT. how many stars?
omg i just realized i can't math at all lol i could actually spend 4500 on the trip....
what?! no trips for MORE money?
omg that is INSANE. good bye.. i'll be back
no it HAS to be baltimore and it HAS to be perfect. thanks anyways
Good morning.  We are planning a family reunion and since we are spread out all over the world, we have decided on a couple of possibilities. Can you please give me information on packages available in Fukuoka? My husband and I would be leaving from Manaus and we will be travelling with our 4 children.
We need to leave on August 15 and be back by August 22nd as I go back to work the next day.
Not really.
Wow, that's pretty pricey! Does that include breakfast? For that price, we at least better have free wifi!
How have other guests rated it?
I like that....is breakfast included in that one too?
Are the flights for this package the same?
Well it's more than I wanted to pay but it sounds like a pretty good deal. I need to discuss it with the rest of the family and I will get back to you. What is your name?
hi im in mannheim and want to spend a week away
i was thinking about burlington
no id just like to compare packages
just me
august 17-august 24
hm.. well i don't know about 3.0 stars only. what about trips to Sendai?
how about curitiba?
ok... well how about to SL?
can you give me some more information on the burlington packages?
how much are each of the packages?
ok let's book celestial.. how much to upgrade to business?
yes lets do it!
:grimacing: thanks!
Hi. I'd like to find a trip to San Diego. I can leave from Belo Horizonte. I'd like to travel between August 27th and August 31st if possible. My dates are flexible.
no but the trip will be for 7 adults
I will book the trip to San Diego for 7 adults
thanks
Hi! I'm getting married and we are super tight on money but I want to be able to give my new bride the best possible honeymoon despite our tight budget, do you have any cool honeymoon destinations that you can recommend?
Actually, my bride, who is sitting next to me just told me that she wants to go to Porto! Do you have anything in Porto Alegre? We are getting married in Fort Lauderdale on August 18th, so we want to leave on our honeymoon on the 19th.  I CANNOT spend more than $4000.00 though.
Well, how about Guadalajara then. I heard it's still pretty dangerous there, but it apparently has some nice beaches! We just gotta keep it under $4000!
I heard the food sucks in Dominican Republic, but if it's within our budget and at least 6 days, I guess I'll take some info on Dominican Republic. Is it at least a five star hotel?
Okay this really sucks, is that all you can offer me? No Porto, no Guadalajara and a crappy hotel in Dominican Republic. Surely you must have other destinations on August 19th???
That does not work for us, we have to leave on the 19th and I only have a week off work. Have a nice day.
Like I said, we are NOT flexible. The wedding is already planned for the 18th. Good bye.
Id like to book a trip. I have a very tight budget of $2600. I would need to be there between August 27th to September 11th.
Toluca
What are the prices for each package?
What are the dates for the Leon package?
what about the dates for the Kingston one?
I think I will book the Kingston Package.
Sounds great! Yes, thank you!
Thank you
hey i have 14 kids. We wanna go to theed
bummer.. no thanks good bye
Hello. i want to go to buenos aires
i live in puebla
can i get something leaving from puebla??
great! i will go ahead and book that
thank you :smile:
I'd like to book a trip from Chicago to San Diego between August 26th and September 5th.
Chicago, and i have a strict budget of $2300.
Yes i will have 3 adults coming as well
What rating is the hotel?
Are there any activities to do there? We are travelling for spring break
Yes please.
Nope that is everything thank you!
hi there
i am part of a travelling circus and our van broke down. we need to get from gotham city to diagon alley
no i need to travel from gotham to diagon alley cause that's our next gig. thanks anyway
ok see ya
Hi, I'm a very interesting person from Stuttgart and I need to get myself to Sapporo. I am traveling with a friend.
I am leaving from Stuttgart
I own 2100 dollars and we can leave august 26
I am a man of many dates, and so my dates are flexible
I could add 500 dollars to my budget
Well, I reckon I'll just book this one.
Hello, I want to book a trip to Coruscant.
No, it has to be Coruscant. We are leaving from Mos Eisley. We are 7 adults and I can spend $2200, no more. Can you find me a package to Coruscant?
Like I said, I need to go to Coruscant. I don't want to go to Kyoto. Why would I want to go to Kyoto? Can you book me a trip to Coruscant or not? If you can't, you are wasting my time!
Thank you for trying. I will go somewhere else.
Hey, I'm looking to find a vacation from Valencia to Osaka.
I'll be departing from Valencia. I don't have a budget.
Yes.
Between August 26th and September 3rd if possible.
When are the dates for this trip?
What benefits come with this trip?
Is there anything cheaper?
Anything from August 17th to the 30th?
What about the hotel?
Breakfast is more important to me than the parking. What are the dates for this option?
Perfect! I think i will book this trip
Thank you!
Hello! I am located in Germany and I'm getting married next month, We would really like to go to Naples . can you find me a nice package please!
We need to leave from Hamburg. Do you have anything leaving on August 30th? We have a week off then and don't really want to change our vacation time. We are also on a budget cause this wedding cost us a fortune so try to find us a real deal please.
The 2nd to the 7th of September is not good for us. How about  Vitoria? Do you have anything in Vitoria leaving on August 18th?
No, I would leave from Hamburg still...and go to Vitoria. We have $1800.00. What can you do for us? I apologize but it needs to be around August 30th.
I suppose a couple of days later is fine, it will give us a chance to recover from the wedding! Yes, please give me more information!
I thought our flight departed on September 2nd?
Hold your horse! It sounds like a great deal but I need to check with my bride first. I will get back to you.  Thank you for your help.
Hi i wanna look into packages to san antonio
belem. hoping to leaving august 17 and go for two weeks
no budget. dates are preferably the ones i have sent you but could be flexible if we find a great package i suppose
just me
ok.. i'll consider that. anything available in san francisco?
ok. what about in Kyoto?
Is that from the 17-31?
ok. one more destination I am wondering about is Cordoba. What can you offer me there?
hmm ok.. well, how much would the Cordoba trip cost?
wow! I like that option. free breakfast?
sweet! ok, i think I want to book that. what is the return date?
lets book it!
thanks :slightly_smiling_face:
I'm looking to book trip for spring break for 4 people. I have a tight budget of 4600
Lima
Yes, August 25 to September 6th.
I'd like to go to Sendai. Is there anything available for this place?
What are the dates for this trip?
Does the hotel have free wifi or anything?
If my budget increases to $5600, are there more options?
what are the dates for this trip?
I think I will take the 7 day package to Sendai.
Yes!
Great! Thanks!
hi I am burnt out... i need a vacation
I am off from september 2 to september 23 !
can you find me something? I hear Madrid is beautiful. No budget though
im leaving from Barcelona, Spain
yes, i need a break from it all can you find me anything?
hmm ok, that would work! where would that be?
wow, nice! what's the price?
and what is available in Santa Cruz?
that's ok. let's book Madrid in that case
thank you 
Hey there! My girlfriends and I are looking to go on a girlie trip for Spring Break. but we want to go somewhere wild like San Juan! 
We'll be 4, these girls are like my best friends ever! We go to college in Indianapolis
We can travel from August 24th to September 10th. we only have $6400 altogether! Plus we really have to have wifi, you need to make sure of that. Free breakfast would also be a necessity
How many stars for the hotel in San Francisco?
Do you have anything in San Juan leaving Indianapolis on August 24th? The 17th we still have an exam.
You know, I think we'll stick to the SF one, it's just soooooo much cheaper and it will still be a party! Can you book us on that one?? The one at the Twin Canyon Inn, cant wait!
Thank youuuuuuuuuuu!
Hi! I'm looking to book a trip from Termina to Atlantis with my family. This includes 1 adult and 3 kids. My budget is at most $3300.
Any dates that are available.
No I really need to go to Atlantis. I might be willing to pay more if there is an available trip.
Oh okay. I will look elsewhere.
Hi, I'm trying to book a trip from Madrid.
7 people and between August 26th and September 9th.
No.
What are the dates for both trips?
I am leaning towards the Essen trip for 9 days. What is does the hotel offer?
Does the hotel have a pool or anything?
How much is this package for all 7 people?
That sounds great! I'll book it!
Thanks
hey there, I'm doing some travelling for business soon. It needs to be around August 18-August 26. What can you do for me?
no budget - work is paying :wink:
just me for now, but if we can find something that works out then I have 5 other colleagues who will be attending meetings with me
hm... I could go to Milan. we have an office there
i will take my business elsewhere.. thanks for nothing
me again... I'm still burnt out from work
I've got august 17- september 2 off tho so I'm gonna treat myself before my second vacation
I'm leaving from Marseille and I want to go to Osaka... I have a penpal there
or maybe I will visit the woman who donated a kidney to me in St. Petersburg... either one is fine. no, I have to go in the time that I am off from August 17-Sept 2. lets not worry about the money yet
hmmm yeah I guess I could do that. what is available?
ok, and anything in St. Peterburg?
ok. and what is the price for Aquamarine Majesty Hotel?
could you tell me the user rating of Viewpoint in St. Petersburg?
that sounds lovely. let's go ahead and book Majesty
dope! thanks
Hi! I'd really like to try and book a trip for me and 3 of my friends for spring break.  I have a budget of $2100.
Caprica
August 16th and August 19th
No that is the only one unfortuneately.
Hey, I'm looking to book my honeymoon from Houston to Santo Domingo for a week on August 26th. My budget is 1500.
No. Is there anything in my budget from Houston to Cancun?
No I already spent too much on the wedding so my budget is fixed.
I think that will work! What all does the hotel offer?
Great! Let's book it!
Thanks!
Hey man, I'm like the best Pokémon hunter in the WORLD and I'm only missing one and I need to get to Punta Cana cause rumour like has it he's at one of those places but you know rumours are only rumours so I'm not in a total hurry but I want to see how much it will cost me to get go there, can you give me some pricing
I would be leaving from Fukuoka to Punta Cana.
Yes I am. Anyway I can leave on August 24th?
Kinda I can also leave on September 2nd. I only have 4200 so let's try and keep it on the cheap
Is that leaving on Sept 2nd? Can you give me the prices and hotel ratings?
August 24th work for me! How about flights package to Columbus leaving from Fukuoka on the same date what do you have
11 days for $3130 is so much a better a deal what's the rating on this hotel
so same do any include breakfast
yes I like the Columbus deal better screw Punta Cana I can go there next time thanks man
helllloooo, couple of lovebirds here looking to get away to Burlington for our honeymoon :heart_eyes::smiley_cat::two_women_holding_hands:
we are not in New York :confused: can we leave from Stuttgart?
leaving on the 18th is great but we would like to go for 7 days perhaps there's something avialable in Santiago?
lets go back to Burlington in that case.. how much for the package leaving on August 18?
aww man, I really can't go that much over the budget... the wedding was way too expensive. how much for the Santiago trip?
wow, ok.. let's book that then, assuming the hotel is nice?
ok, that's good enough. let's book it :smile:
thanks!
I'm looking to book a trip from Hamburg starting August 15th. I have a 14 day vacation. What packages can you recommend?
Hamburg
No and no.
Can I get more information for Manaus?
Do you have information for Denver?
How about Ciudad Juarez?
Do you have information for the trip to Korea?
Are there any other hotel options for the Denver trip?
Is there a trip to Denver that leaves on the 15th?
No, I think I will book this trip to Denver!
Sure!
Thank you!
hi my wife and i wanna bring our 7 little lads n lassies to kochi leaving from san diego  we can spend 28500 
brilliant! whatre the amenities
glowing like my wife who is pregnant with our 8 child! ok... i will book it.
thanks buddy
hi i need to get to mexico please find me a flight from punta cana
that actually fits my needs so perfectly - yes book it
gracias
I'm looking to book a trip to Fukuoka from Mannheim leaving on August 27th for my honeymoon.
I don't have a return date but my budget is $4700.
Are there any availabilities for trips to Kyoto leaving from Mannheim on August 27th?
Maybe. Is there anything to Kyoto?
I think I like the 5 day stay at the 3.5 star hotel in Fukuoka. What day does that leave?
Yes, that'll work. I'd like to book this one.
Thank you
Good afternoon my name is Carolina and I want to book a trip. Can you please tell me what specials you have at the moment leaving on August 25  and going to Guadalajara, I want to go visit my family.
I am so sorry my English is not very good I meant I live in Guadalajara my family will join me at my destination if you have good packages
no you tell me good packages and I tell my family to meet me there. I have 6 days vacation. You give me suggestion.
just me from Guadalajara, I meet my family there, they go from other place. As long as I leave August 25.
I only have 6 days, any 6 days suggestion
oh that sounds very good what about Cancun, I like Cancun
I must leave on August 25 is there a package anywhere else that leaves on that day, I do not want to lose vacation day
for 712.00 it sounds like a very nice deal I will book flight on August 26 for 6 days. Thank you for your help.
hey what's available from mtl to mexico city?
i wanna leave the 18th if i can.. i could leave from philadelphia instead. anything ?
hm, nah thats ok what about Philly to Santos?
that sounds like an option.. anything from montreal to santos though before i book for sure?
how much is the package from Philadelphia?
ok. i want to book the trip from montreal for me and 5 colleagues
Hi. I'd like to book a trip from Nagoya to Phoenix from August 15th to August 29th.
1
nope
How about San Francisco?
Is there anything available to Atlanta?
maybe. Do you have any information for Busan?
I think I will book the 13 day stay in San Francisco.
Yes, thank you
HEY IM TRYING TO GO ON SPRIIIIING BREEEAAAAKKKK. SAN FRANCISCO IS POPPIN RIGHT? LETS GO THERE
WE NEED TO LEAVE FROM HOGSMEADE. AND I HAVE TO BE BACK BY AUGUST 19
OK DENVER THEN
NO AUGUST 16-AUGUST 19
NO BYE
Good morning! I will be travelling with a colleague for business and we are thinking of tacking on a short vacation after. Do you have any flights going from Punta Cana to Cairo sometime between 26 August and 9 September?
It's not necessarily about money, more about what suits our schedule. If you cannot find anything from Punta Cana to Cairo, we can look at other options.
We can also leave from SF. slightly but not much
departing from what city?
That sound great but I want to look at another option. What about from San Francisco to Manaus? Anything available close to my dates?
same dates as Punta Cana to Cairo?
Southern Universe in Cairo works for us. Do you have any seats available in Business class? We don't like to travel economy.
for August 30 to September 8
At the same hotel, Southern Universe? if so, we'll take it! Pease send me flight confirmations by email.
I'm looking to book a trip to Chicago from Brasilia. I booked work off from August 27th to September 10th and im looking for a 7 day trip
No I do not
I would really like a 7 day stay if possible.
Ulsan.
No. Are there any 7 day trips from Brasilia to La Paz?
Yes!
Perfect! Let's book that one
Thank you
i want ot travel to melbourne. i will leave from kyoto
i can leave from berlin
ok well i would go to Caprica as well
no not hamburg, i have an outstanding warrant there. i would go to Naples instead
I want to try to travel between august 15 and august 18
ok, i can be flexible on the dates... i will book the package leaving on the 19th for 15 people
lets book it
sweet thank you
Hi I wanna take a 12 day trip from Hiroshima to Phoenix, leaving on August 27th.
No, I don't like other people.
No, I'm rich.
Possibly. Is there anything from Hiroshima to Baltimore?
No. That's okay. Is there anything for Boston instead of Baltimore?
no. I think ill take the trip to Phoenix. Does the hotel offer wifi?
Great! I'll take it
thank you
Hi, I live in Diagon Alley and we need to go to Las Vegas in August for a graffiti convention its gonna be so chill cant wait
we're gonna be 4 we can also leave from Dublin  we gotta leave on August 17 or we will miss the convention :flushed:
how bout indianapolis i'll just go on my own then
is that to indianapolis I can leave on the 18th since I won't go to las vagas will I fly out of Dublin then
there's no rush I'm an artist I can hang out there for a while but I do have a  allowance of $3600 what can you do for me please make sure I have a free breakfast
sounds awesome i'll take the Hotel Vanilla might as well go in style lol  thanks for the help man
need a vacay
i only got 3 days off work tho august 27-31
i wanna go to Kobe whats available?
im leaving from brasilia
not bad... what about if i went to punta cana for the same dates?
is the package to Kobe august 27-31?
ok well that will be the only one to work for me right now. lets book it
thank you
looking to go from mos eisley to kyoto on august 27
ok lets leave from sacramento
that works great! book book book !
thanks 
I need to book a flight to find my last Pokemon. I would need to leave from Montreal and go to Hiroshima. I will also need to leave on August 19th. Im with 4 other adults as well.
Yes, $16600.
Look, just tell me, is there anything for Curitiba?
That's perfect, how much would this end up being?
That is excellent! I can finally find my last Pokemon! Thank you!
I want to take a trip from Diagon Alley to Naples.
nope. is there anything to Las Vegas from Diagon Alley?
oh okay. thanks anyway.
I want to go to Tijuana.
I would leave from Belem
Tijuana
Between August 25th and September 8th. my dates are flexible
No.
okay. Is there anything from Rio de Janeiro to Tijuana?
Are there any trips from Belem to New York?
Is there anything from Rio de Janeiro to New York?
what are the dates for the 10 day trip from Belem to New York?
That sounds good to me. I'm ready to book that one.
Thanks
Hi I live in Seattle and I really have to get out of this seedy town for a while
Yes I will be travelling alone! Anywhere you have available sometime between August 17 and August 29 for no more than 2200.00.
I only start work on Monday Sept 5th so I would have to be back by Sunday at the very latest!
Anywhere within my budget that gets me out of here! Do you have anything in Canada? I like Canada, they are real nice up there.
What sort of packages do you have in Calgary? I want something classy if possible.
That sounds SO perfect! The dates are great and so is the price! How much would it be for business class?
That's $300 less than I budgeted, sound like a great getaway, do I need to book that now?
hello hello i am travelling with my 9 sisters and my child to our family reunion in Corsucant next month! we will spend 1800 max, what can you do?
well no. its a family reunion
thats where my family is
thanks anyway i guess...............
hey im looking to check out fortaleza. im leaving from sapporo on august 27
when is the return date?
i would like to travel until september 7, or closer to that date. is there anything available is frankfurt for that window?
what about in ulsan?
ok. one last destination I am wondering about. Curitiba - what've you got there?
i like the sounds of that. what is the hotel like? any details?
what is the hotel in fortaleza like?
lets book Curitiba! i want to spend more time away
thanks! have a good day to you
Hi I would like to book a vacation from August 27th to August 30th
Barcelona.
London.
No budget.
Could you check a trip from London to Ulsan? I'd like to see all my options.
My dates aren't flexible and i can only go from the 27th to the 30th. If there are no results, could you check a trip from London to Fukuoka?
Oh good! That's perfect! I'll take it!
Thanks!
I am looking for a honeymoon package to Manaus. I heard it is the perfect honeymooners paradise. The wedding cost us an arm and a leg so I really need something reasonable.
Yes and our set of twins. Won't be a very romantic honeymoon, but what can you do. We live in Queenstown.  I hope $3000 is enough!
We would like to leave on the 18th of August! We need to book this quick cause my boss is in the other room and if he catches me on the phone he'll have a fit.
No there's no way this wedding has already cost me a fortune I don't even know why we got married, we already had the damn kids. How about Leon on the 18th?
thanks! book it!
im married now boi. takin my new spouse 2 mexico city
10 days
lets keep it 1500 max
cool?
leaving from detroit
do your thang
ooooooo i like that. no 10 day options?
toronto perhaps
sweet! ok i like that. leaving august 27?
thats fine, its still under 1500. and the hotel - what is it like?
sweet! yes, lets book it
thank you :slightly_smiling_face:
I'm looking to go on a trip but i'm not sure where. Can I get information for a trip from Toluca to Paris From August 25th to September 9th?
no
How about a trip from Toluca to Curitiba?
No thanks. Can you check trips from Toluca to Brasilia?
hmmm. I don't know. Could you check one more, from Toluca to Hiroshima?
No thanks but I think I will take the 9 day trip to Paris! What are the dates for this trip?
That sounds great! I'll take it!
Hello!!!!! We are planning a family trip with my brother and his kids and we are thinking Gotham City would be super cool for the kids. Do you have any packages for less than $3200?
We all live in Termina. Anywhere else fun we could take the kids? Do you have anything to Disneyland? We are 5 adults and 11 kids.
We don't really have any set dates, sometime this summer would be great. If Disneyland is not available either, do you have any suggestions for us? Whatever you have that we can get to from Termina.
Not really. What if I increase my budget to $4200.00, can you offer us anything from Termina then?
I will call around then and see if I can get a deal out of Termina somewhere else. Thank you for your help anyway,
hey
I'm tryina go to on spring break w the squad can u help me out
well we are thinking las vegas sounds like a really nice place to spend spring break.
me and 3 homies. leaving baltimore
yasssss. we are off aug 27-sept 5
trying to keep it under 2900 $$
dope price but 2.5 stars sounds meh.. anything for Fukuoka?
sweet! that's in fukuoka? what amenities does the hotel have?
And if we increase the budget by 1000 ... anything lookin good?
meh, i'd rather the 2890 one then
well we got 3.5 star, breakfast and wifi .. whats the hotel called?
oh sweet i've heard of that place. what are the dates ?
thats perfect! ok - lets book it for 4 adults
thank you wozbot :slightly_smiling_face: toodles
Hey, what deals can you offer me on trips to curitiba?
I will be leaving from columbus
Yup, just me this time
Nope, just get me outta here
It has to be between August 18 and September 8
If that doesn't work I guess I could go to Las Vegas
Hmmm, those are the only days I can get off work. See where else you can send me in that time frame
No, unfortunately I can't. Guess I'll just take a staycation this time :disappointed: Thanks anyway
I need to get to Atlanta pronto. I have to leave on August 25th.
I am leaving from London. I want your absolute  best hotel in Atlanta, whichever one is known for having celebrities stay there.
You don't understand, it is extremely important that I get to ,Atlanta from London on August 25, or even a little earlier and I need to look at anything you have available that is at least a 4 star rating. No celebrity would stay at a 3 star hotel. The 30th is too late.
No that won't work either. I told you twice now, I have to leave the 25th or earlier. You obviously can't help me.
You guys suck!
Hey look, I got to get to Lima. I need to trap a pokemon 
I’m leaving from Chicago! 
We need to leave on Saturday August 27! Unfortunately, all I've got is 3000 dollars. I also shouldmention that we're two adults
As long as I need to! I can return whenever I feel like
Guess what, I want to go to Pun Cana now. What would that cost me?
What is the hotel like?
When do we leave?!
I was also thinking, what about leaving August 17?
OH! I like that one on August 27th. What is the hotel called?
Ok… LET’S BOOK IT!
Thanks!
I need to get away from work, how about Paris?
I'm in naples
Just me this time
I'll spend whatever I need to
It's gotta be between August 27 and September 9
No, my boss wouldn't have it
Hmm, what can you offer me in Cleveland?
How much would this cost me?
Guess I'll take the Autumn Treasure Hotel stay then. Could you upgrade my flight to business class? How much would that cost?
Sounds good
Thanks!
i need to get away from my life i need your help in finding a place to go to in Belem, preferably with very few people around something simple but at the same time very luxurious  with a private villa and a spa where my best friend and I can just relax in our private beach oh and we need a chef to cook us vegan meals
Just the 2 of us, we are kinda famous so you have to promise me full confidentiality no one must know about this. We need to be back by September the 3 cause we kinda have a commitment  on the 4th
we will leave from  Hiroshima i think, i never know what city i'm in, yes Hiroshima
trust me, money is not an issue can you give me the dates and times for the flights please my manager usually takes care of this sort of thing so i have to make sure neither my friend and I have commitments
OMG! that is so awesome just want to make sure we are leaving from Hiroshima
yes please go ahead and make sure to keep it confidential we do not want to be bothered
ayoooo. spring break buddy. I wanna go somewhere nice and cold for spring break :smile: Toronto maybe?
We are leaving from Hogsmeade. It is a terrible place and we wanna get awayyyyy
Me, Ron, Harry, and Hagrid. 4 of us
I don't wanna go to Kyoto... how about Nagoya to Toronto???
that's like 11 grand oh my god!! I need to spend like... 1900 or 2900 MAX. Is there anything cheaper to Paris?
I just need a package to Toronto for less than 2900
....is there anything to Paris within my dates???
let's try Toronto again. where would we leave from&gt;
Ok.... well maybe we'll just miss a few days of class that week. How much is that package?
Wow sweet! That's for the 4 of us?
Great. ok let's book it
great tahnk you
Hi there… I need to get some overseas inspiration for my new novel… I’ve got a bit of writers block here in Ciudad Juarez, too much going on
I was thinking about Manaus. I’m looking to spend a good week away
Not really…but I’m on a budget (of course - being a writer and what not). 4500 is what I’ve got to spend. Also, my wife and son will be accompanying me
I’m wondering about Sendai as well though- I could use a little Oriental flare in my writing. Anything available from Ciudad Juarez within my budgeT?
ok… Well are there any other options in Manaus? I just don’t wanna jump at the first thing..
And what is that hotel called?
10 am is far more reasonable travelling with a child, so the August 25th package please.
Terrific :smile: Thanks for your service!
Biebs here. I wanna book a vacation asap.
Mah closest friend, Madonna and I want to go to St. Louis. What can you offer. I only want the best, if not I'm going elsewhere.
Well, I'm THE Biebs, so you should know where I'm leaving from. But I'll tell you anyways. We leave from Santiago.
Good man. Doesn't matter when we leave, but I gotta be back by August 28th. I've got a gig on the 29th.
Probably have, you know, with all this fame people need me everywhere to do concerts, signings, just being around... Does it have breakfast included?
Nothing but the best. Let's take a look at Santo Domingo first (Madonna likes the heat).
I'm willing to give it a try. Breakfast?
When does it return?
What if I left from Tampa?
I'll book the St. Louis one!
Greeeeeat! Thanks man! Imma send you free tics
So Hey, I'm an intern- it's pretty fantastic/exciting. So anyways I need to go to Monterrey between August 27 and September 15. What do you have leaving from Stuttgart?
All alone, and for the first time! If I wasn't so excited, I would be really nervous.
My dates are kinda flexible, but I absolute cannot go over a budget of 3100 dollars.
Hmmm it's a little bit too expensive... they have another location in Kingston, can we see what's available there?
Hmmm well this is the first time I book any kind of vacation... Can you tell me what amenities are usually offered?
Wow I'd love to spend some time near the Museum, is this one within my budget?
Well that one sounds very nice. Can you give me the name of the hotel near the Museum? I'd like to compare the two hotels with my mom.
Great! I'll talk about it with my mom and get back to you tomorrow. Thanks so much for your help!!
i'm going abroad to check out my options for my internship
what can you book me from Cancun to Naples under 1200? (they aren't paying me so that is a TIGHT budget)
its still over my budget so no I dont care. what about to Cordoba?
ummmm no im leaving the 27th. last chance: get me something to Boston
i need out of this tacky country :unamused:
maybe Kyoto? i just finished performing in san antonio and i want out of here
thats cute. of course not
on september 1st
3 stars? I would like 5…. what if we went to san jose instead?
can you find me a 5 star if i leave from Porto
and from porto to kyoto… still nothing?
it’ll have to be san jose but i do need to be back by sept 1
ok… well, if I went to Kyoto when would I return?
alright, i suppose ill have to book that then
thank you kindly :kissing_heart:
hello
i need to book a couple things for work that are coming up
lets see.... im gonna be in leon on the 27th of august and i believe ill need to go to Ulsan from there whats available
leon
and returning when?
that is fine.can i book it for my 6 colleagues as well
would it be any cheaper if we left from Belo Horizonte instead
ok in that case yes, lets book leon
thank you very much
Bonjour! I make ze pastry for a living. I need to travel to Ulsan, a buddy of a buddy of an aunt's 3rd husband has ze most extrodinary recipe that I must get.
I leave from Lima! But I hear my aunt's 3rd husband's buddy's buddy does not like to share... So I bring 7 burly men with me and my 5 children.
I hadn't really thought about that... It really is of the utmost importance to me, so I can leave anytime.
I sold my great great great great grandmother's butter recipe on kiji for 43500 dollars to pay for this trip. It vas very good butter.
For me, food is the most important. Above all else, I need free breakfast.The stars are secondary
Sacre bleu! Ok what is available then?
Oh I see! Yes 5 is good then
Wow, this is very nice. Are there any options with business class flights?
Goodness. No I will stick with the Sapphire Time. Can you book it for me please?
Thanks!
hello hello
my wife and i wanna bring our 10 kids to toluca. but we’re on a tight budget of 2300
diagon alley
not particularly
no, as long as its 2300. we can go for however long we need
toluca is where we all want to go...but we could leave from somewhere else i suppose
anything for 3300?
leaving from anywhere??
i need to get to toronto.. there is apparently someone of interest to me there
i have to bring my lawyer with me to toronto from kobe
does this price include 6 children?
yes that would be fine but i need more details about the trip please
that sounds quite suitable. ok, let's book it
HEY
im tryina get to hamburg
im gonna bring 5 lawyers with me and 5 kids. leaving from chicago
31500
meh nah
I wanna see tokyo maybe. i wanna check out the city for a week starting august 24
no. what about in Fukuoka
ok thats a possibility. leaving from ciudad juarez right?
how much?
no jesus slow your roll. what about if i went to tijuana
no omg wait. what are the details
ok hold on. but what are the details in  fukuoka tho
i dont wanna fly at 3 am when else can i fly
my dates are august 27-31
Madonna and Will Smith are on a trip to Houston. A picture of them is worth millions. I need to go to Houston.
Ciudad Juarez, and I'm on a strict budget of 2800 USD.
Yes sir! No one else can know about this.
I need to leave on August 17th. So I'm already late.
As long as my budget will carry me for.
But I NEED to go there! What if I increased by budget to 3800 dollars?
Oh no... I'll have to go to a different agency.
Hi there! I have a couple interviews coming up. Do you have anything to Kyoto?
I'll be leaving from Santos, and ideally I'd like to be there between August 27 and 30.
Not really, but I can travel to Toronto instead!
I would really prefer getting there for the 27th, is that possible?
What if I went to Porto Alegre instead?
The second package sounds interesting. What amenities does it include. Yes I'll be travelling alone.
It sure does!
Yes, please do!
Great! Thank you so much!
haayyyyy
i got a week off from august 27-september 3. i think i wanna take a ski trip to miami
pho
no budget
wow spectacular! what are the flight details?
yeah i like it! please book, thank you
thank you very much kind friend, cheers!
hiiiii there. I have an interview in Burlington!!!! Can you get me there?
From Salvador and I'd like to be there between August 19 and September 5th.
Yes! For the very first time! I have a few interviews for a fall internship!
Oh my. What about Rome?
I'd like to fly to Rome from Salvador
The dates are fine, but the price is WAY over my budget of 1400 dollars!
whats available in atlanta starting august 30th? we're leaving from north vancouver
2700 is all we have left over after wedding expenses
yes yea of course. how much?
no i wanna go the 30th
anything available from north vancouver to montreal? we would love to fly from north vancouver to montreal because it sounds like such a logical and reasonable thing to do for our honeymoon :hugging_face:
wow - amazing! when do we leave?
ok send me literally anywhere from north vancouver on august 30th for under 2700
which hotel? how much? What's the hotel like?
ok book it
amazing thank you so much
I'm looking for some Pokemon. I heard one was spotted in San Antonio. We'd like to leave here on August 26th!
A total of 6 adults. We're all trying to find Pokemon.
Barcelona. I should also mention that we have a budget of 17400 dollars.
That sounds pretty good! Does the hotel have free wifi? We'll probably try to catch some Pokemon around the hotel.
Yes we definitely will need a rental car. Do you have any trips to Essen?
Yes, I would like to compare both trips. If I can't find a Pokemon, I may as well find a Mewtwo. Mewtwo was spotted in Essen
No breakfast? Hmmm we're an awfully hungry bunch so I think we'll stick to finding the Pokemon in San Antonio. What is the departure time?
Yes this packages suits our hunting needs just fine.
Thank you for your help!
Good afternoon. My husband and I would like to travel with our 6 kids. We have time off between August 15th and 19th. What can you offer for us?
8300 dollars.
Nothing in mind yet, I'm looking for some ideas.
Stuttgart
Yes it does, can you give me a few more offers that I can compare?
This one is my favorite as of yet. Can you show me one more?
In that case, let's take another look at the Queenstown package. What are the flight times? It is difficult to take a flight in the middle of the night with young children.
I'll take the one that leaves at 7:00 am are for the return at 1:00 am.
Thank you!
hi there
im thinking of going to san juan soon. between aug 27 and sep 15
prob vitoria
no
4-star
hmm ok, ill keep it in mind. what if i went to hiroshima?
sure
what if i left from washington instead of vitoria
ok. and what if i went to san juan but i left from Washington
whats available then
3 colleagues and i
when would i return if i went on august 27
i wanna go back to hotel royal in hiroshima. Does the hotel have free wifi
that sounds good, lets book it
bless :raised_hands:
hey dude. ive benn in ulsan for 2 years now with no break from work
i wanna go back to calgary and visit the fam.
yes. im off until sept 10
holidays start aug 27
what if i went to burlington?
what if i went later in september and returned by the 10th?
what would the hotel be like?
so have you given me all the options available from ulsan to burlington between august 27-sept 10
ok. whats the excursion motel like
how much would the price be
how many other hotels are available in burlington
and both are the same dates? what would be the price if i upgraded to business class - can you give me a side by side comparison?
ok i want to stay at the noble bazaar
and i would like to fly business class
thank you very much for your patience you are an absolute gem
Hi
Well, I need to find a place where the paparazzi won't find me. I was thinking of Phoenix. Madonna and I are leaving from Cairo.
Yes, well, I'd like to leave as soon as possible, but I need to be back by September 7.
I will only look at 5 star hotels.
Let's take a look at Rio de Janeiro.
I refuse to stay in anything under 4 stars.
Good day.
Hi there! Can you find me a trip to Kingston between August 25 and September 4?
I'm leaving from Santiago on a very tight budget of 3100 dollars.
As I said, I am leaving from Santiago on a tight budget of 3100 dollars.
To Kingston, which is what I said before.
I have no patience for this. I am looking for a trip to Kingston from Santiago.
A trip to Kingston from Santiago on a budget of 3100 dollars.
Between August 25 and September 4th.
Lets look at the 6 day packages.
How much would that cost?
And how many stars does this hotel have? What are the amenities included?
Is breakfast included? wifi? parking?
No. I will book elsewhere.
Good bye.
Hi! I'm looking to book a business trip between August 26 and September 12. There's a few places I have in mind. Lets start with Rio de Janeiro.
I'll be travelling during that time, so I'm thinking I'd like to leave from Fortaleza.
No, but I am bringing 5 colleagues with me.
Interesting. Does it include breakfast?
Do you have options for an 4 star hotels?
Ok lets look at trips to Munich.
Wow! That sounds fantastic! No breakfast I assume then?
well, I think I'll stick with that package. Can you go ahead and book it for me please?
Thank you!
hey there how are you i am chef
for pastry cake. i want go to coruscant
live sydney
pls help me thx
need to try cookie
good there
ok well this is no good i must bye
Hi. I need to get away stat.
Anywhere! I just need to get of of St. Petersburg right away. I want to leave August 17 and return by September 6. I only have 3900 dollars.
That really is a steal! Anything else?
Cool! How much is this one?
That's extremely cheap... how many stars is it? Well nevermind, I dont care! Book it please!
Niceeeee thanks! I loved using this agency.
hay queen whats gooood. We are interested in getting out of The Veg and going to fukuoka.
Las Vegas - Fukuoka
august 19 to sept 3 plz
7 of us
lmao, we're 7 adults! 
35200
ok. and any other hotels??
free breakfast? same dates?
whats available in san jose?
yass
omg i like it. whats the hotel like
how much if we fly business class
shit yassss we goin in. Book it for us, please.
hey
i am currently in philadelphia trying to get a photograph celebrities but i need to hit up mexico city next week
ahhhh how many hotels are available?
are there any other hotels available tho
wow cool
ok thats gonna be the one lets book it it should pay for itself
Hey there! I need to take some pics of Madonna and her friend in London, I work with InTouch magazine. Can you get me there from Los Angeles?
Yes, the company gave me 3500 to spend.
yep
I'd like to leave on August 17th, and stay for however long the money will keep me there for.
No, I really must leave from LA. What if I increased my budget by 1000 dollars?
allo I am leaving Marseille Thursday August 18 and I want to travel until September 7
wow that was actually one of the places I was thinking of going! whats the hotel like?
what is available in porto alegre
wow very nice. How much?
i want to also know what is available in new york
what is the hotel details
can i go to phoenix
oh ok. What is the hotel like?
oh ok that sounds nice! but i think i like the hotel in Porto more
lets book that one
great! thanks!
Hi! Can you take me to Hiroshima from Calgary?
I'd like to go from August 26 to September 5 if possible!
How much is the business class?
Oh my this sounds very nice. Can we look at packages to Naples from Calgary.
The same dates, August 26th to September 5th.
5 days. To Ulsan please,
Can you give me a quote for a 5 star package?
Sapphire Time it is! Can you book this one for me please?
Thank you!
I need to get to philadelphia from denver
18600
yes i want to go today, August 18
4 more trainers
can you book me a trip to osaka now?
lets go to osaka!
awesome :smile:
I want to leave from Santa Cruz and go to Rome
From Santa Cruz to Rome
Oh yes, can't spend more than 3800 dollars!
Yes!
I'd like to leave on August 28th and spend 9 days in Rome.
Not really
It could work. I'd really like to leave on the 28th of August, what about if I went to Marseille instead?
What are the departure times?
Great! I'll book this one!
Thank you so much!
Why hello there! Can you see what's available for North Vancouver from Sydney?
naw, I've got tons o money
Just my imaginary friend.
Oh yes, that's pretty important information here. I'd like to leave around August 25 and be back by September 11.
That sounds good, what about Birmingham from Sydney?
Meh. What about Sydney to Mannheim?
Well that sounds nice! Can we try one more????
Sydney to Naples! Watcha got?
My favorite package is still the Mannheim trip. Can you tell me what he flight times are?
Great, book away please!
Thank you!
Hello! I recently won the internship lottery to Kobe where I will work for free! I'll be leaving from Alexandria. What can you offer?
Do you have any flights from Alexandria to Berlin??
What about Alexandria to Salvador?
That is really too bad. Thank you for your help.
hey there! i am looking to go to fortaleza for spring break with 3 of the boys. what can you get me for 1600
yeah in that case lets look at burlington
that is close to the budget - i like it! can we travel august 25?
wwhen do we retunr
we are hoping to return by the 5th. anything from mexico city to burlington between those dates
mannnn we really cant spend that much. 2600 tops
nothing in fortaleza either??from mexico city
ah damn
HELLO THERE I AM IN MILAN AND LOOKING TO TRAVEL TO SANTO DOMINGO ON WEDNESDAY AUGUST 24. SORRY FOR ALL THE YELLING I'M IN A HELICOPTER
JUST ME. JUST GONNA TAKE SOME PICTURES OF MADONNA
DOES NOT MATTER! I JUST WANT TO GO ON AUGUST 24
OH I DON'T CARE, BUT I WILL SPEND 3700!
ME ONLY ME
ME ONLY ME
YES THAT SOUNDS GOOD WHAT IS THE PLACE CALLED ALSO AREN'T THERE ANY 5 STAR HOTELS?
OK BOOK THANK
GOODBYE
Hi there! What kind of packages do you have available to Santos from Leon?
I only have a little bit of time off between August 18 and September 6. I'll be travelling by myself. I don't like other people.
I'm going wild this vacation! My purpose is to spend money, not save it! Hit me with your best shot!
Business!
How long is the stay?
Great! I'll book this package with departure on the 18th.
Thanks!
Hey there, I’m looking to check out a few destinations to see if they’ll be appropriate for me to accept an internship in. I want to travel from August 27-30, just enough to get a taste of each location.
I am leaving from Monterrey and I would like to spend 5200 at most, as my internship is unpaid.
Is there anything available to Kobe for these dates and price?
I was also looking at Munich..
The last destination I am considering is Paris.
Ok. Well I guess Munich is the best choice.
Let’s go ahead and book that!
Thank you :slightly_smiling_face:
Good day sire. I would like to book a recreational stay between August 17 and September 3. What has thou to offer?
Frometh my small town Baltimore.
My lover, Juliette, rides out with me
Not a penny more than 3500
What has thou to offer in St. Louis?
I shall take the 5 star package!
oh man oh man
i am so fed up with work
i cant wait til 5 oclock. but i need a vacation
i've got a few days off from august 26-august 31. im not flexible on this, but i still want to somehow treat myself with an 8 day trip (??)
im leaving Dallas
and i wanna check out mannheim
sure dude
dates?
ok that could work. I would like to see my options in Santos as well
ahh I can't leave until august 26 though
yeah. I will book it
I must get away from the paparazzi. What packages can you offer to Hiroshima?
My friend Madonna and I would like to leave from Essen. Our only restraint is to be back by September 5.
What about from Paris?
Preferably 5 star, and a spa if it is available.
Yes that should be just fine. What are the flight dates?
I'll book this one!
Thank you bot.
pokemon pokemon pokemon. i am looking for mewtwo in busan at the start of next month and i need a travel package
i need to leave from Barcelona. whats the price now
I would like to leave September 1
and if I was to go to Dublin… what do the availabilities look like there?
I’d prefer to leave the first. can you give me more info on the Busan hotel tho?
ok lets book it
Thank you, my friend
can I go to Sacramento?
phoenix
yeahhhh I cant spend more than 1900... :disappointed:
just me
Between September 1 and 15th.
I don't know if I can afford business class, can I?
oooo yes but lets look at a few more first. what about a package to Hamburg?
That could be nice, what about Baltimore?
What amenities does it include?
What are the flight details for Hamburg?
Well that looks pretty good! I'll book this one.
Thank you!
I just can't wait to get away from it all. I live in Dublin and I'd like to go to Pittsburgh. What's available?
Between August 17 and 30 would be ideal
Let's explore the 3.5 star packages. What's included?
How can I say no to that?! I'll book it right away!
Hi! I need to book an emergency trip for 10 adults and 14 children!
I'm leaving from Kyoto and I want to go to Diagon Alley!
I have a budget of 3500 and I have no time frame for the trip, I can leave any time.
No... I really need to go there to steal a legendary recipe from pastry chef that I have long battled with for the best croissants!
I am sorry too. Now I will lose the title of best croissant maker. Goodbye!
Hi there! I only have 5 days of vacation, and I want to do the best I can with it! Can you recommend packages starting August 30th?
Out of Belem.
Yes, I'll be alone this time.
Interesting... what else do you have?
What options do you have in Porto?
Can you show me some prices and ratings to compare?
What a catch! How much is this package?
I'll keep this one in mind. What can you offer to Goiania?
I leaning more towards the Golden Keep Hotel. Does it include breakfast?
A needle in a haystack! I'll book this one before it runs away.
Thank you so much!
hay i am doing some business globetrotting just me and a colleague. we need to get to Fukuoka some time between august 27 and september 6
I can’t do Osaka. anything available from London tho?
that would work! but before we book it I also want to look at a trip to Mannheim - how much would that be, and could you fit it between aug 27 and sept 6
ok! is that with my one colleauge included ?
how much would that be for the two of us to fukuoka if we left from Munich?
what would it be from Munich to Mannheim?
I think I will go back and book the trip from London to Fukuoka for 2
hey, so even though the year is 2025 i need to book a trip for august 26, 2016 to calgary...
i am leaving from Fort Lauderdale. there are 3 others coming with me
and we want to go on August 26
yes - 15300
sorta
yes! definitely!
ok, is that for all 4 of us?
lets upgrade to business class! i need to be well rested for the hunt
HI THERE. I NEED TO FIND MADONNA TO TAKE PICTURES OF HER AND HER FRIEND. I WORK FOR INTOUCH MAGAZINE. CAN YOU GET ME TO SAO PAULO FROM PORTO?
YES, THE COMPANY WILL ONLY PAY 1400 DOLLARS FOR MY TRIP.
JUST ME. TRYING TO KEEP A LOW PROFILE.
I WANT TO LEAVE ON THE 25TH OF AUGUST. CAN YOU DO THAT FOR ME?
OH NO...WHAT IF I INCREASE MY BUDGET BY 1000 DOLLARS?
I need to get to porto alegre for 9 days from seattle. I only got 3600 dollars and need to get there september first. 
 try going to Busan instead
i would indeed like to hear more about this package
I suddenly want to go to Phoenix
when do i return from there!
I need to leave sept 1 and come back around the 10th
and this is in phoenix?
ok no thats not good enough im going elsewhere
Perhaps I should explain it another time... But first, lets book a vacation to Tijuana!
I'm leaving from Birmingham and I'd like to be back by August 30th.
Only one package? You don't have anything better for the biggest popstar in the world?!
Yes, what about packages to La Paz?
What if I left from Pittsburgh, are there better packages to Tijuana or La Paz?
In that case, I prefer the 4 star package to La Paz from Birmingham. How much is it?
Then yes, please book it right away!:D :airplane:
Hi I only have 4000 dollars
I dunno
meh haven't thought about it yet
between august 26 and September 2 I think
New York could be fun
Baltimore
yeahhhhhhh sorta
yaaaa maybe... what about Kobe?
What about atlanta
Well then I'm thinking the Kobe package would be the best...
yepppppp
Thank you!
a vacatoin
indianapolis. perhaps
i am in baltimore right now
whats available from august 25 to september 14
nope i am just looking for something dope
nobody. i mean myself
ok. what is available in seoul tho
ok let's keep that in mind as you search for packages in Manaus for me
ok cool, any other hotels in Manaus?
what hotels are available in Fukuoka during my travel windowl?
dang ok well. whats the serene garden hotel have?
what about breakfast tho
i think i want to book indianapolis instead
cool thanks
Hi darling, could you please book a trip from Goiania to Ulsan for me please?
Just myself.
Approximately 5000 dollars, but I'm flexible.
Yes, I'd like to travel between August 17 and August 29 if you please.
Fantastic! Yes, please do before someone else does!
Thank you!
Ah Jeez. I need to travel from Puebla to Buenos Aires. I have a terrific reason to go, I assure you. My backstory here is impeccable
Wow, that's amazing, thank you. Thank you. But soft! My mind changes- get me from Puebla to Marseille.
I don't have leave to travel until the 27th! Perhaps...but no... but yes! What is there in San Antonio!
Book everything.
Hello :slightly_smiling_face:
I would like to find a trip to Punta Cana :slightly_smiling_face: I am leaving from :slightly_smiling_face: Birmingham :slightly_smiling_face:
Morning! Lovely weather we are having :smiley:  Are you in St. Louis too? I need to book a trip!
Thanks much appreciated! I'm sooooo excited, I get to go to away for the first time EVER by myself! Can you help me get to Sapporo?
That would work with my new internship. I'm on a very tight budget though, the UN doesn't pay for internships!
Not a dime over $4100, it's all I've got!
Cool! Tell me about the package please, I want to make sure it is JUST right.
That sounds great but I better check out your flights to Belem on the same dates. The UN also has an office there.  If you have something leaving on the 26th, it would be better.
4.5 stars! Wow, never stayed in one of those! Tell me some more about this package please! :airplane_departure:
And how much is this package?
I really need to think about this...I can go to Sapporo for $2816.73 or to Belem for $3155.22, correct? Which one do you thing offers better value?
How many stars is the Zion Hotel?
That sounds like the better hotel. Can't be too cautious travelling by myself for the first time! I will book that deal in an economy class ticket, I'm not ready for business class YET, need to pass that bar exam!
H, I need to go to Kyoto pronto!
No, I need to leave from Toronto. I need to be there sometime between August 25 and Sept 7. I'll be travelling alone and I am super nervous :flushed:
August 25th is awesome man. My boss will be impressed. Is this a nice hotel?
Not yet, I need to do some comparison shopping. Our head office is in Chicago. Do you have anything leaving on Aug 25th from Toronto
No the 7th is wayyyyyy too late, I need to be BACK by the 7th. What do you have to Porto between Aug 25 and Sept 7th?  Anything under $3300.00? I'm poor!
OMG this is so confusing, I really don't know what to do! I better leave on the 25th, yes that will make my new boss happy....I need to go to Kyoto for sure. The Glorious Bazaar Resort sounds like the right choice. What information do you need from me to book it?
Actually, I'm really nervous about booking this right now. I will talk it over with my new  boss and get back to you, thanks!
Hi I need to get to Calgary ASAP
I’ll be taking off from Ulsan, I want to Leave on August 27th
I have a budget of around $3800, can we see what that get’s me?
I’ll be honest I'm a pretty reputable photographer and i need to capture some juicy shots of Madonna. I need to get to her Hotel But im not sure which it’ll be, Is that the best Hotel you got?
Maybe she will be low key and stay at a worse hotel… What other hotels are there in Calgary
Is it available for the same dates? also how much would that one be?
Okay well thats just not gonna do! Okay let’s not kid ourselves Madonna is staying at the best hotel because shes the :crown: Tell me the offers for Amusement again?
And how much to make that a business class ticket?
Let’s book it! ill be making so much on these pics :slightly_smiling_face:
THANK YAAAA
Hi i'm from Buenos Aires, and I want to book a trip
I was thinking maybe Rome
Not at the moment, but i'm looking for something affordable
Yup!
Ideally August 17th until the 31st
Where would that be?
Yes please
What rating does this hotel have? Are there any better?
Anything else with better amenities?
yaaaa
Okay nevermind then let's book the one to Rome?
Thnk you!
Hi, I need to go somewhere warm!
Columbus, it's much colder here than people think.
Ideally, I need to leave this Thursday the 25
Not really, just warm, beach and sunshine. I have $3400.00 to spend.
Yes I must be back for my sister's wedding on 12 September, I'm the maid of honour. She will kill me if I'm not back on time. I really need to get a tan before the wedding though!
That sounds so perfect! What is included in that package? I do not like to pay for my breakfast!
Book it!
Hi, I want to take my kids on a wonderful vacation, can you help me find something that my wife and I will approve on.
Were leaving from Naples
$9500 is what my wife is letting me spend, but i still have to ask for her permission
My three angelic kids, who i love so dearly! And of course my beautiful lovely Wife
She was thinking between August 27th and September 5th but the kids will have school, but she says itll be okay so i dont care what i think, those dates preferably :slightly_smiling_face:
honestly that sounds fine what packages are available
We try to stay financially smart let's say economy
I want to treat my loveys to the best do you have any better rated hotels?
What if i left from birmingham?
well that doesnt seem ideal, what if i left from Dallas
what star hotels do they have there?
Okay let's see if i leave from Marseille where could i go! i need to make this perfect!
Do you have anything to porto it doesnt matter where we depart from
Brazil seems safe for the family! what offers are there in Belo Horizonte
Greetings m8! Im coming out of st. petersburg, but i need some time for my lonesome or at least imagine some, can you tell me about some packages to Kingston
OY M8! i said st. petersburg, didnt i! well thats where im leaving from but i want to imagine a trip to Kingston
honestly i have this deadline for this project im working on, for my less than adequate boss, which is on September 1st lets pretend my trip starts then! And don't put any kind of cap on my spending, either, I am very rich
If its gonna be imaginary, let’s live lavishly!
What amenities do they have?
OHHHHH that sounds nice! what about queenstown anything there?
Thats what im talking ABOUT!!!! what does it offer?
How much would that be for 2?
Business all the way only the best for the imaginary bae
Yes we may even though this trip wont happen I appreciate the help in making this Fantasy! I’ll never for get this! THANK YOUU
Thank you! :slightly_smiling_face:
I'm getting married and my wife is making me take care of the honeymoon, I better get it right or I will be in a lot of hot water :weary:
I am thinking of Naples. That should please her, she's difficult, you know. Wish me luck with this marriage.
How about leaving from Portland? That is the closest other city to us.
The wedding is on the 26th, so we have to leave no earlier than the 27th.  What do you have in Naples for under $4100
Naples? From Portland? What kind of hotel? It better be a good one or I will get in major trouble. She scares me, you know.
You're lucky, dude.  Is breakfast included, like I said, food is important...
That sounds great dude, you are really helping me out here. You have no idea how much this means to me.
Will we be flying business class?
For $19 over our budget, we might as well go business class. Yes book that now please so it's done and out of the way.
I'm getting married and my husband really want to go to Kobe on our honeymoon
We are getting married in Phoenix, having a good old southern wedding. It's costing my parents a fortune. Make sure the honeymoon is cheap please cause my husband has no money either.
You have nothing around the 18th?
No it does not suit our schedule, the wedding is on the 17th. Do you have anything to Rome instead?
No forget it. We need to leave on the 18th.
Hi Leaving from Cleveland! And i need to get to Mexico City, and it needs to be on Friday September 2nd
just myself i got a job as an intern, Itll be my first time travelling alone
Its very tight, its a non paid internship, i only have $2100
oh thats cutting it close, is there anything cheaper to the other places?
Yes it does this seems way better! and more affordable
Please go ahead and do it!
thank you
WOHOO ITS SPRING BREAK!!! im in tjiuana and i need to get out of here
August 30th to September 15th would be perfect
We got $6200 :wink:
5 in total
Mexico sounds fun and exciting
Is it near a beach? Any better rated hotels?
How much would that be?
OMG let’s book it
This is business? woah im excited perfect!
thank youuuu
I'm a fashion designer and I'm going to be doing an internship with a VERY  famous fashion designer. Do you have any flight and hotel packages to Rome?
Busan
Okay....how about to San Antonio? :unamused:
To San Antonio from Busan. I live in Busan.
I cannot leave before the 27th.
Can you give me flight details please?
How about some details on the Winter Hill Inn? I really want to be near a park.
2 star hotels are usually dumps. Do you have anything better?
Hate to sound like a princess but over my dead body I will stay in a 2 star hotel, specially in San Antonio. I am a fashion designer. Plus I'm travelling alone! You got anything in Barcelona instead? We have a house of design there too.
No that won't do either. I need a five star for under $3900.
Hey I live in Mos Eisley and I need to book a flight!
I could drive to Columbus and try to leave out of there instead
Where would I have to fly out of to go to Ulsan then?
My travel dates are from August 15 to August 24. Does the package out of Columbus (to Ulsan)  meet my requirements?
And if I leave from Hiroshma?
okay thank you good bye
I dream of one day going to San Diego and doing the pub tour. My friends have all done it and they say it's awesome.  What can you offer me in San Diego?
I have to leave from Recife! Philadelphia is too far away, and I want beer. Lots of beer. How about Curitiba?
I have to leave from Resife. It's where I live my boring life.  Curitiba sounds like it has a great nightlife.
What abut something in Frankfurt? They also have lots of beer there!
Sure, what kinds of things are close by. I dream of going to museums, going to the beautiful parks...
How much?
Hi im a failing author and i need some headspace looking to get away with my family! can you help e out?
Were from Punta Cana! maybe Fortaleza if there is something affordable, my last book sold 2 copies
just my wife and son. not sure when i just want to go for two days tho
Anything to Paris for 2 days?
If we can find something for less than 3000$ lets try and book something
whats in Fortaleza again?
Let’s book that straight away and hope my luck doesnt run out
Hey i think i want to go to KYOTO
St. Louis! 
no budget at the moment
3 friends with me
August 18th to the 26th preferably
Any other hotels ?
Is there anything available in San Jose?
then i guess lets book the one to kyoto
Thank you!
Hi im in Munich and want to go to Dallas
not atm
Can you tell me about it?
hmm interesting are there any better rated hotels?
Sure what about kobe??
Lets see the best ones available
how much?
When would i be departing
That would work!
Yes please!
thanks
Hi im from Hauston looking to get to my internship
Ulsan, i should be ther on August 27th
$5600 unfortunately very tight budget
What do you have in Athens
When does it leave?
I will have to book that
you know wha never mind scratch that i want to book the 11 day stay in ulsan
when would it leave and return?
That seems great! and what is that like compared to if i wanted to go to Tolucca
OKay well let’sbook the one to ulsan
Thank yoU!
Hi I live in Kakariko Village and I want to go away! Where could I go?
Well I have no money... what if I just stay here and find a hotel in my own town? Do you have any packages IN Kakariko Village I can just hang out at lol?
Do you have any packages anywhere for $400?
I will find a way to get to Nagoya for that price, whatever the package is book it! $110.93 is totally within my $400 budget.  :grinning:
Thank you for your assistance in finding this killer deal.
Good afternoon to you, I have 4 days off coming up and I need a little getaway.
On August 15.
I don't really care where I go to be honest. If you offer me a good deal leaving on August 15, I will take it. No more than 4 days though.
Berlin
No budget. I just want it to be fabulous!
I've been to Punta Cana. What else do you have?
Can you tell me about the Columbus package. I hope it has a spa!
Do any of the packages in Punta Cana have a spa? :haircut:
Are any of the packages in Punta Cana at a 5 star rated hotel or close to the beach?
I really want a spa. If you have nothing to offer with a spa, I'll shop around then.
Hi my work colleagues and I want to go to the car rally in Santo Domingo. We can leave from Belem. The rally starts August 24.
We are 4 people in total. Car aficionados. There's a rally in Minneapolis too if you have anything there that is better.
Do you have anything to Minneapolis from Dublin ?
Can you tell me more about the Summer Rose in Santo Domingo then?
Near the beach, well that sounds great as the rally is on the beach.  I'm gonna have to call you back though cause I'm not sure if my work colleagues are good with Santo Domingo. This leaves from Belem, correct?
Okay okay whew yes just book it sounds great sounds fantastic
Hi im from Sydney and i want to go to mannheim
no budget but i want to go on August 17th to the 31st
Yes i will be!
What does it offer?
Do you have anything in Denver
Please tell me about the one that offers the most
how much would it be!
Any other cheaper hotels
whats the rating of this one
Doyou have anything ini Munich?
Is that more expensive than Regal?
Can we book the one to Regal?
Perfect Thank you!
I need to get to NAPLES
Seoul
August 19th
my budget is $4700
And what if i had no budget?
what are the dates/
I need to go on August 19th
Let’s book it!
Yes please!
hanks
This is my first time booking a trip with a machine....hope this works....so I will be very specific. I need to go to Berlin. From Sao Paulo. We are 3 adults and 1 child. We have $14900 at most to spend on this trip. Can you figure this out? Cause if not I will call a travel agent. Please confirm that you comprehend.  Over and out.
As soon as possible. Do you comprehend?
Okay how about on August 27
Yes. Yes it does. Can you please provide more details? Are you sure this is correct?
Do you know from your database whether it is an economy flight or a business class flight?
yes please check this information for a business class flight
I have $14900 to spend so that will work. Please book this exactly as discussed and send me a confirmation. I am not used to dealing with a....machine.
Thank you. You did well. I will definitely use you again.
Hi Imm looking to book a vacation to Curitiba
I can leave from Detroit
i would rather go on August 19th until September 3rd
that would work too
That sounds interesting are there any other hotels?
Anything in Essen during those dates?
Okay if i leave from manaus what would i have
how much for a 3 star?
and for business
and if i go to curitiba?
would that be cheaper if i left from Detroit?
and from manaus also a 3 star?
lets book
Hi, I am the team manager for the Phoenix Sportsteam and I need to book the guys a short vacation, they need to relax for a few days. We are having a crappy season.
No but as soon as possible. We are 25.  We need to do this for under $2800.00.
It sure does babe. What's your name, anyway?
That sounds good, let's book that. Next time I want to speak to a real person, preferably female. Thank you.
Hi i got an internship in Frankfurt and need to get there on August 27th
Ill be getting out of Madrid
yes it does, my budget is $2500. anything in maceio
yes please
This seems perfect! may you please go ahead and bookit?
Thank you!
I need to go to Minneapolis on August 17 on business and I need you take care of this quickly and efficiently. Can you do that for me?
I can leave from Kingston. It has to be between August 17 and August 31st.  I want business class flights only.
Is it a 5 star hotel? I travel a lot for business and I need a good hotel.
I have no budget, the company pays anyway. I want comfort. I have colleagues who will also be travelling with me. I'm a busy person so let's get this done. We can also go to Hamburg if you have better hotels there.
We will be 6. And we can leave from Tokyo if you can find us a deal in a 4 or 5 star hotel, business class, within my dates.
Do we leave from Tokyo?
What does that include?
How much is that going to cost the company? Oh never mind, just book it. I'm not here to shop around.
Thank you, you have been very efficient.
GOINGGG ON SPRING BREAKK need to make it sweet!
i heard Cleveland is a good place to go
well im from boston! what do you have in dallas
what about tampa?
i need to leave on the 17th and return on the 24th
and where would this be?
whats the hotel like?
sounds perfect! go ahead and book it now!!!!!!
Denver, here I come! I need you to help me book a trip. It's THE most important trip of my life!
St. Petersburg. I just got an internship! I only have $3200 at the moment, so let's keep it under that until I start to make some big bucks!
Holy crap that's cheap! Anything wrong with it? That's just like way to cheap!
I'll stick to the 3 star and save some $$$. What's the name of the hotel? Is there anything to do on my down time? It's my first trip alone and I need stuff to do on the weekend.
Looks like I've lucked out then, Denver here I come!!!
YEAH!
Salut! I am ze number one pastry chef in ze world! There is this fantastic beautiful intoxication pastry made by an ami of mine in Melbourne. Im in Guadalajara and I need, need, need to have a taste can you get me there, my good friend?
$3300 around I think should suffice for everyone
all my lawyers and my 3 cherished children
5 will be joining me
yess
anytime works for us
NO, it has to be melbourne
thanks for nothing
my 4 friends and i want to get away
not sure where but we would like to leave from nepal
$10,000
planning leaving on August 19 and returnign the 31
Let's check out Kyoto
are there any better rated hotels in Belo Horizonte or Brasilia
what are the prices there?
What do the hotels offer? what dates do these fall on
It seems that belo horizonte is the way to go :wink:
Please do!
Thank you!
Hi! I have 2 possible big golf tournaments coming up and I want to see which one has the best package. Let's take a look at Chicago first.
I'm in Seattle. Ever been to Seattle?
Anytime between August 27 to September 10.
Okay how about Rome?
Are any of the Rome hotels near the beach?
Well, I do like cathedrals
Let's book the Double Pastures
Hi I work for a big multinational corporation and they are sending me to San Diego. I'm presently working out of Tokyo.
No it's my first time traveling alone. I'm looking forward to it. I just want to make sure I make the right decision on where to do my internship. It's crucial to my career.
25 August - 31 August
It's $4800 but I rather not spend it all. What do you have to Mannheim?
Better deal than San Diego and we have an office in Mannheim too :grinning: can you give me dates to make sure they work well?
Well, this is it. Time for me to go to Queenstown!
probably San Diego
wwhich one offers better amenities?
I think queenstown would be a better stay this vacation
Thanks
Hi we want to go to San Juan
Gotham city
7 kids and 14 adults with me
$3,000
Not really
so scratch my budget
I can leave from St. Louis instead
We can work with that
4 star, tell me about it
and the 2.5 stars because i dont think i have that money
tell me about it why dont you
Yes please go ahead that one actually seems better
Thanks!
Hi looking to book a trip to SL
Maceio would be best
Yes and yes but can you tell me more about the hotel
And are there any other hotels?
I will be going with my 6 kids and my 3 wives… how much would that be for the palacio tranquila
its a little over my budget anything a bit cheaper?
I will have to take Chateau please
thanks
I know where Mewtwo is!!! I have it from a very good source and I'm gonna go hunt him down!
I'm gona be rich i want to go to north vancouver
munich!!
my hunting party is 5 adults
that sounds good, next i want to go to Belem
munich
what is the price for this one
all 4
okay we will go to North Vancouver and if Mewtwo is not there I will call you back to go to Belem. Book the Twin Canyon Inn and Suites for me and my hunting party
Theed
I wan to go to Theed
Termina
August 13
what if i give you more money
okay bye
Wooooohoooooo it's spring break time let's go get wet and wild! We need to book a place in the middle of the action in Dallas. Close to beach for sure.
We are from U of Alexandria, biggest spring break partiers on the planet!
we are 3 sophomore girls outta have a crazy time. we only have 3200 make sure it stays under that but we have to be on the beach even if it is a dump
Our spring break is from Aug 19 to September 2 we can also go to santo domingo tons of action there too
santo domingo it is thanks by the way do we get breakfast
wooooohoooooo santo domingo it is
absolutely!!!!!!!
Ever been to Queenstown? Can you tell me what it is like?
I'm in Birmingham. Ever been to Kobe?
I'm really torn, I have so many places on my bucket list. Long Beach?
I have like $4700 in the bank but no time off it will have to wait thanks. One more question what do you think of New York
Thanks i will call you back when I have some time off
Hi im looking to go to monterrey
i leave from cancun
$2,500
just myself
Need to be there on the 4th
depends what fits my budget
Business then
Thats a little early do you have anything in Long Baech?
anything to tampa?
monterrey it is
thank you!
Hi im from Philadelphia
Punto cana preferably
wow that sounds great does it have any special amenities/
that sounds nice! sny better rated ones?
man plaza serene looks sweet! how much would it be?
let’s keep this in mind, how about Osaka?
what rating would that have?
I think i iwll go with the Plaza Serene
thanks!
Hi! We are getting married in beautiful Cleveland underneath the redwoods next weekend. We've been soooooo busy we forgot about the honeymoon! Do you have any last minute special to Porto?
The wedding is on the 23rd so it has the be the 24th or after. We are hoping for a week in Porto. We finally get some time, just the 2 of us!
Yes, it's our honeymoon after all! But we only have $5100 to spend.
how about a lower end hotel then :disappointed:
No we can only go to Porto... or Porto. Thanks.
I HAVE to be in Houston on the 17th!
Fortaleza
okay well its crucial i get there from Fortaleza so I will call someone else
Hey looking to go to Osaka
London possibly
nopeee
nah just me
August 15th
what if I leave from montreal
what is there is Seattle
any other hotels/
okay what about chicago?
Business please
PLease elaborate and explain the different possibilities
and what other options
the second offer seems best can you tell me more about it
This one seems good can we book it?
Thank
I'm exhausted and I need to get away. I want to treat myself to a five day trip.
I will fly out of the airport in Chicago. I'm thinking maybe Kingston?
I succeeded in getting some time off from August 19 to August 30
sure that works tell me about them
These all sound good but I'm kinda keen on Milan too what do you have there?
You are so efficient I know I am making you work hard on a Friday afternoon at 4:47 but you get to go home for the weekend soon lol if the dates in Milan work I think I will book one of those
August 19 to the 22 sounds good. I like that the Mundo Hotel is near the cathedral. Exactly how much is that one?
do you have any business class available?
Oh what the heck it's expensive but I deserve it! Let's proceed with that one.
I want to go on a 4 day trip
how bout La Paz. i live in dallas
august 19 to september 7 anytime in there
do you have anything in Fortaleza?
both sound good as long as it is within my dates i cannot move those around do you have anything in a 4 star hotel in Le Paz
Is the Echo near the museum?
well okay I can always take the tram in to the city. I will book that one.
Cancun please
We’ll be leaving from vancouver
`is that for me and my friend]
ahh okay. and if i wanted to go to rome
whats the most expensive package do you have/
is that for business class?
LEt’s book it
thank you!
Hi! I need to get over to Rome
Im from Ulsan
$20000 would that get me far?
Yes i need to find MEWTWO
September 2nd i need to be there
Nope! do you have anything to kingston during my preferred dates
that looks good! are there any other hotels
Let's look at thos
Also from the 2nd to the 5th?
PLease book the more expensive one'
Thank you!
my friends and i are going away on our first trip alone ever and i am in charge of finding us a deal!
we are 4 we go to school in baltimore we want to go to tijuana
we don't have that much money
2700
well some our buddies are going to BA
Rio? but we want to go to Buenos Aires
awesome i will tell all my friend at the university of baltimore how great and helpful you are  can you just confirm the dates so i can tell my freinds
I'm a world famous photographer and I need to book a trip on August 24. Do not disappoint me.
It's not "like" to go it's "need" to go. Comprende vous? I need to go to Pittsburgh. This is worth a lot of $ to me so you have to get me there. I'm in Buenos Aires at the moment.
i need to leave on August 24
In Pittsburgh right?
Can you find me a five star, even if I have to get there a week in advance? I can spend up to $6200 if I have to
When do I arrive?
At what time do I leave on August 25th
Not enough time to get the shot I will have to get a private jet and camp outside their hotel thanks anyways
Hi I want to go to osaka
Im actually leaving at Kyoto
only on the 27th
That seems good can you tell me about the hotel
Great! what options do you have in Mannheim
yes i can but id rather a longer stay, tell me aboot puebla
for a 10 day stay i think puebla is worth it
Thank you!
Hi i want to go to burlington
Melbourne
$1,500
yes
August 26th
3 star
What about Campinnas
any to Minneapolis?
honestly not really sounds a little peasanty, are there other hotels in burlington?
Which one is least expensive
let's book it
Thanks!
Good day, I'm located in Kobe and I have been offered a possible internship in Baltimore at the heart of the action! I need you to book a flight and hotel package for me sometime between August 26 and September 10.
That works within my budget but I need to be cautious in booking this. It's my first time travelling alone and |I don't want to mess it up.
Do you have anything in Denver?
Yes I have $3900 but honestly I want to spend the least money possible
Baltimore was cheaper. I can also go to Rio de Janeiro for this internship. I will book the cheapest as long as it is on the right dates.
NO!
I will book Baltimore, since it is the cheapest. Works for me.
Thank you for your patience, have a nice weekend.
I want to go to Fortaleza to visit my aunt Betty.
5 - my cousin Tommy, my cousin Henry, my cousin Johnny, my cousin Ian, and my cousin Derrick
Valencia we live in valencia
I need to go to Barcelona
Calgary!
Is that the most expensive hotel… i’ll tell you this im stalking a high profile celebrity
is this all on the 21st
This is just too perfect book it
thank you i will!
Hello you may know me as the best Pokemon Hunter in the world
i need to get to Rio de Janeiro
but I can only leave from Santos
I will offer you $20000 to get me there
ok very good
Hello, I'm looking to book a trip for two from Puebla to Hamburg
The date doesn't matter; i just need to pay less than $1400. $1300*
Okay that definitely does not work. How much would it cost to leave from Guadalajara instead?
What if I were to increase my budget to $1700. Would you be able to find me anything departing from Puebla at that price point?
Hi! I want to book a trip for me and four friends for spring break!
We are leaving from Salvador. Do you have any trips to Kingston?
We have pretty flexible dates, we were hoping to fly out between September 2nd and 17th
Yes, our total budget is of 14200
It depends, what kind of hotels and activities are included in the packages?
Being in the heart of the city sounds good! Or do you have any close to the beach?
ok! Are any extras included in the price?
Yes that would be great. Could you give me the price of the 8-day package in economy and in business so that I can compare?
Great thanks! Last question about this package, does the hotel have a pool or other amenities?
Alright, that's ok. The other destination we were considering is Lima
That sounds pretty good! Otherwise do you have anything close to the beach?
Those are the two destinations we were considering. Can you give me any additional information about the Wolf Inn?
Ok! If we increased our budget to 15200, would there be other packages you would recommend for Lima?
How about in Kingston, would other options become available with a slightly higher budget?
Yes! Then we will go for the Lima package at Wolf Inn!
Thank you very much!
I want to book a travel package to melbourne from puebla
yes 3400. leaving on sunday august 21
yes. can you tell me the prices of all the hotels available in melbourne
868.86 sounds like a nice price, I'll go with that
i would like to leave on august 21 though...
can i get the price for one night at each hotel in melbourne
ok. i will stay there for as long as 3500 will get me. the best hotel in town. 5 stars
ok. fine. I have a 4500 $ budjet and I will star as long as that money lasts. thx
Book me a flight for 7 adults and 1 child from Portland to North Vancouver
Hold on I need to know what date this will be departing on. I want to go as soon as possible
Nothing sooner than that?
Yeah let me know if there's anything sooner departing from London
How cheap
I really want to leave ASAP, no time to waste
Ok go check Marseille to North Vancouver for me
How much would it cost to fly from Portland to London
Can you give me a lower price if I booked the Portland to North Vancouver flight but returned on a different date?
I only have 11400 to spend. Can you think of anything for me
Hi there, I'd like to know if you can book a trip for us leaving this upcoming Saturday and returning on the Tuesday after. We are six adults and seven children leaving from Punta Cana. I know this is really short notice so I'd appreciate anything you can find for us, thank you so much!
How about Birmingham? The kids would love to see it
Unfortunately that is outside of our budget :disappointed: Do you have anything available from Punta Cana to Burlington?
Yes. Our budget is 23300. Thank you so very much :slightly_smiling_face:
What about Orlando?
Can you please book us a round trip flight from Dallas to Orlando departing August 27 returning August 30 and tell us how much it would cost? Thank you!
Is there no way to get us to Orlando?
Are there any weekend flights you can book for us to Orlando at any point before September 15 this year? That would be flights leaving on a Saturday and returning the following Tuesday. Thank you once again :slightly_smiling_face:
Okay I will take the trip to Dallas leaving August 27th returning August 30th. What's next?
No thank you, but I was wondering if you offer anything as part of the package?
Is it a five star hotel?
How much would a five star hotel package cost (including cost of the flight)?
How much does the entire package cost?
Okay book us the business class flight and the hotels please
That's it! Thank you so so much :):):)
hey. id like to book a trip to philadelphia from vancouver. for 8
3 adults and 5 children
6500
what are some packages available
business flight. august 31 - sept 10
can i have a better rated hotel
ok. then economy class. but higher rated hotel
what about at a later or earlier date
ok. what if i increase my budget
can increase by 1500
i really need better rated hotel. im travelling with 2 lawyers and 5 children
ok. then
let me ask my associates and come back to you.. thanks
yo i need a flight to beijing, leaving from rio de janeiro on sunday august 21st
no i want beijing, not manas. how much would that cost???
you gotta get me to beijing
check porto alegre to beijing
check puebla to beijing
i give up
Hi! I want to book a 5 day trip leaving from Santa Cruz on September 2nd. I don't have a destination in mind yet, what would you recommend?
That sounds good! I'm travelling with a friend and since we have such a short time, we really want to make the most of it so we have a pretty flexible budget. Are any of these luxury hotels?
No, unfortunately our dates are not flexible
Ok, i'll keep this one in mind. Do you have any trips to outside the US?  Even if the hotel isn't as fancy we might prefer that.
Hmm ok, we were really hoping to go for a full 5 days
Sounds like Miami might be the best option for us then,  at what time are the flights?
Ok we will book that one!
Thanks!
Please check if there is a flight to Naples from Fort Lauderdale leaving August 31
No to August 30th but what about August 27?
No that won't work for me. Can you please check Fort Lauderdale to Punta Cana leaving on August 31
Oh good, how much would that cost
Do you have a five star hotel available?
Done. Book it.
hello
i would like tto go from beijing to san juan. on friday september 2
for at most 2100$ with 1 adult
ok. leaving from campinas and arriving at Baltimore
oh ok, that's fine. How much is it?
ok. what about from campinas to san juan
ok. im ok with 3048. ill book the one from campinas to beltimore
yes
ok
thank you
Find me a flight from Belo Horizonte to Brasilia. First class only
Upgrade that to a five star hotel
That won't do. Find me a flight from Belo Horizonte to Rome, and find me a five star hotel in Rome.
eww absolutely not. find me a five star hotel. I refuse to believe there are no available five star hotels in Rome
are there first class flights from Belo Horizonte to Rome?
no first class? try london to rome
Please do. And check again for five star hotels in Rome.
What's the earliest flight you have from Belo Horizonte to Rome? I need to book for two and return on Sept 5
Check for the earliest flight from London to Rome, also for two and returning Sept 5
Okay book us business class for the Belo Horizonte to Rome package
terrific, wonderful. thankyou
hi id like to go to baltimore from brasilia. i would like to get 1 children ticket and 1 adult ticket
7500. thanks
i dont mind
ok. what is the price
ill get the cheapest option
thanks
the one at 4268 looks good
ya
thanks
beijing to pittsburgh, under 1700
beijing to pittsburgh
beijing to san jose, under 1700
i need to know how much it costs to go from ciudad juarez to la paz leaving august 22 to september 8
nope
try ciudad juarez to paris, august 22 to september 8
how much do the august 27 to sept 4 and august 30 to sept 7 packages cost?
economy please
can you try ciudad juarez to queenstown from august 22 to september 8
how much do the first two packages cost
try ciudad juarez to indianapolis, august 22 to september 8
try aug 22 to sept 8 if you can
cost?
i'll take that one
thank you! :slightly_smiling_face:
Good morning! I need to book a trip for 7 of my colleagues. There are a couple possible destinations. The first one is to Cancun. The departure could be from Nagoya
And the trip would ideally be between August 24th and September 11th
A 10 day package sounds good
Do these hotels offer free wifi?
How much are these packages? And could you also give me the user ratings for both these hotels?
Business class
The White Peak is within our budget. Which city is the flight from?
Great, i'll book that package then!
Thank you for your help
IM IN TIJUANA FIND ME A FLIGHT TO CURITIBA AUG 27 TO SEPT 4
COST? BUT SEPT 4 IF POSSIBLE
HOW ABOUT FRANKFURT. AUG 27 TO SEPT 4
ARE HOTELS INCLUDED FOR EITHER PLACE
YES WHICH ONE HAS BETTER HOTEL?
OK BOOK ME FRANKFURT PLEASE
hi. i have a 6 days vacation. starting friday sept 2 2016. and id like to go to paris
from toronto
no
what not to parises? or Marseille
yes
ok economy please, cathedral and spa option
yes
thx. bye.
hi there. need to book a trip to denver
i live in houston
sept 10 to 11
budget is $3300
please find me a vacation between wed aug 31 and wed sept 21 for 2 adult and 2 kids for 4400$ max. leaving frmom fortaleza. if
ya sure sao paulo
k
yes
ok
for 2 adults and 2 kids???
ok lets book it!!
ok thanks so much
i'm looking to go to ulsan from santiago for 12 days. leaving on august 27th. this is for two people. do you have anything for me?
maximum is 3800, this is strict and i cannot exceed it
can you try mexico city?
can you make it a shorter trip to fit it within our budget?
how about if we go to santiago to ulsan for only 6 days
okay, can you give me some of the results from santiago to rome?
Hello! I want to book a trip for two adults and two children from August 25th to August 31st. We have several destinations in mind. Do you have any packages for Manaus?
Oh yes! We will be flying out of Calgary
Does this hotel have good user reviews?
Yes, I have several destinations in mind. To compare the options can you tell me how much the Manaus trip would be? Another destination we are considering is Tokyo
Ok thanks! How about to Minneapolis? We would be flying in economy
That is too short for us, is that the only one you have for Minneapolis that fits our dates?
The last place we were considering was Sao Paulo
What do you mean?
I see, well unfortunately our dates are not flexible. Could you please confirm the dates of the Manaus vacation?
Alright thanks, I looked up other reviews and I think it will suit us, i'll book it!
Yes that sounds good! Thank you for your help
hello, please find me a vacation between saturday august 27 2016 and wednesday september 7 2016 for under 6000$ leaving from madrid
hello, please find me a vacation between saturday august 27 2016 and wednesday sept 7 for under 6000$ leaving from madrid
ok. can it be for a longer period
ok
ok
thanks
Hello, book me a trip from San Antonio to Phoenix leaving September 9th and returning September 11th please.
No budget. Book me business class and the best hotel you can find. Oh and this is for two adults.
Try coming back on September 11th instead
Hmm. Try La Paz instead of Phoenix
Same dates, still leaving from Rio de Janeiro
Do share
Are there results for Rio de Janeiro to Phoenix?
Is it a five star hotel?
Okay book us for Rio de Janeiro to La Paz, business class, August 25th to 31st please
hello
i am planning my honey moon. leaving from miami on sunday august 28 2016. for 5 days to stuttgart. max 2900
september 2 - 1?
what about kingston?
ok for 5 dayss?
ok
yes what are the activities and prices
yep
ok thanks
Hello bot. I want to go to Manas from Boston on September 2
$4,100
Yes
Okay but what if I leave from Naples instead. Can you get me to Manas from Naples?
Hello there! I have 12 days off starting on August 22, and I'm leaving from Santo Domingo
Not a strict budget
Just by myself
Could I do 12 day trips at each of these cities?
To where?
How much does it cost?
Okay sign me up! Do I get a choice of hotels?
That will do
Yes please. Thank you!
Thank you! You too!
hey, I want to get myself to Porto Alegre from Toronto for less than $3900
what about valencia
ok and calgary? 2 adults and 3 children.
i have a 3900 budge
hey. i wanna go from birmingham
for 10 days vacation
thats too expensive
what about santiago
no. i only have 400$. maybe from bh for lesser days
oh ok
yup
i will go to calgary
Hello there, please check to see if there is a flight leaving from Toronto to Osaka on Sept 1 and returning on September 9.
Just let me know if you have flights for those dates please.
How about from Toronto to Porto Alegre?
How much does the 3rd to 8th cost?
Okay before I make up my mind...can you also check to see if there's anything from Toronto to Minneapolis? Also between Sept 1 and 9
What's the cost?
Okay book that for me instead, business class
Thanks
Hi, I need to book a trip to Queenstown leaving ASAP for 11 people
It is for 4 adults and 7 children and we will be leaving from Sacramento. My budget is 19000 and I'm hoping to find a nice hotel for that price.
Ok, what other options do you have? Do you have anything for about a week-long trip?
When is the Silver Orb Palace package leaving?
hello
can you recommend a 6 days vacation packaging starting on wednesday august 31, 2016 from fortaleza
ok
ok. not flexible on depart date. maybe another destinatio
ok. any other destinations
ok. ill book that
yup
ok
Goiania to Montreal on Sept 10 to 11th ONLY
Hello there, I'm looking for a break from the routine. I live in Recife and I'm thinking of going to Calgary
3400. can you get me something for 9 days under that budget?
Find me the worst possible hotel. I'm not kidding - I am desperate for inspiration for my novel
Thank you. Give me the first option, thank you
Yes please
hello
i have 9 days of vacation
from sendai to anywhere. starting friday sept 2 2016
ok. but i have to leave on sept 2
ok
what are the details
ok I'd like to book it please
thanks
Hi! I'm looking to book a vacation for 5 adults and 2 kids. We haven't been on a trip in a long time and i'm super excited to be on a beach somewhere, anywhere really as long as its a nice place :smile:
We live in Los Angeles and we don't have any places in mind, we are just looking to stay at a nice beach resort where we can swim in the ocean, tan, play with the kids on the beach, have some drinks at night, that kind of thing
Between August 27th and September 3rd!!
Do you have anything longer? We were hoping for about a one week package. It's quite a hassle to fly with the kids so once we get there we want to stay longer than 4 days
That could be cool! What are the dates and the price for this one?
ok thanks! Ya we would be flying economy. The only thing is that i'm not sure how warm the water is in Columbus, do you have any packages for further south? We are really looking for a tropical beach kind of vacation :slightly_smiling_face:
Oh no! What if the end date was flexible? It's less ideal but we could be back as late as September 14th if that gives us better options. And we don't need to leave exactly August 27th, as long as the trip is about a week long.
We don't have a budget set, but like I said we want to fly in economy
That sounds good! How fancy is this hotel?
That sounds really good!! I'll book this one :slightly_smiling_face:
Yay!!!! I'm so excited for this, thank you for all your help!
helllo
id like to go to porto from santiago, from monday september 5th 2016 to monday sept 19, 2016
not really
ok yes flexible
ok
yes sure.
or san francisco as well
ok can you tell me more about Long Beach
no..only sept 5 to 19th
what about valencia 
ok san francisco?
I will take valencia
ok I will take that
ok thanks
yooooo i'm live in pittsburgh, gotta get away for a few days. u got anything for me leaving this sat coming back mon?
nah just find me something good
which city tho
how much do economy class seats cost
k book it dawg
kk
Hello there! I'm trying to plan a vacation here for my family - want to bring my wife and three kids somewhere cool before school starts. I'm looking for something between August 27th and September 16th, and we're looking at a couple of cities
I'll be leaving from Seattle. Could you do me a favour and check for trips to Toluca please?
Yes I do. Trying to spend $4800 or less on this vacation
Are these packages for different dates?
Oh very cool! What is the price for the August 27th to September 6th dates?
Beautiful, thank you! Can you see if there are available packages for the same dates going to Santos?
Oh rats! How about...Kingston?
How much does it cost?
Great! Going back to the Toluca option, do I get a choice of hotels for the economy class trip from August 27th to September 6th?
Is it a good hotel?
Thanks! Is the 2.5 star hotel my only option in kingston?
Okay I will need to confirm with my wife and then I'll let you know
Thanks again! :slightly_smiling_face:
Hello hello :slightly_smiling_face: I'm planning a honeymoon, and I want to go to Kabul from Toronto
Do you have anything for me leaving on August 28th?
13 days if possible
got $3300 to spend
2 of us
Okay how about to Leon?
That works! Please book it for us
Thank you :slightly_smiling_face:
hi
I would like to go to burlington from new york on august 27. four adults. budget is 10800
what about naples from new york
and Burlington from New York for 4 adults?
for 4?
i need to go from august 27 to 31 though
ok. sounds good
for four people
sounds good
yes
tower hotel. looks
good
thanks
THANK YOU I REALLY NEED A VACATION. I live in Ulsan
I haven't decided yet but one place was Lima
I managed to be off work from August 27th to September 7th and I'm hoping to be away for the whole time. Yes, I'll be alone
Can you tell me more about the hotel? Location? Price? What's included?
That sounds fantastic! The other place I was thinking of escaping to was Essen. Can you offer me anything for that destination?
How many stars did the Lima hotel have?
Great thanks, I think i'll go with the Lima trip, I have no idea when i'll ever get another vacation so I want to go all out. Can you just confirm the return date for me?
Perfect! I'll book it
Hi there, I'm looking to book a trip for a week starting this Wednesday. We are two adults and seven kids
I'm not sure. I have a budget of $7000
Leaving from Fort Lauderdale
Do all of them fall under my budget if I book for a week?
Can you book me a week in Burlington please?
What's the price difference?
Can you confirm the dates for me please?
I need to leave on the 24th of August. Are there flights to Burlington leaving on that date?
How much does the flight out of Punta Cana cost And can I return on August 31st
Okay book us the business class flight
Naples to Santa Cruz. Leaving Sunday Aug 21
Budget $2000
Got anything for me bot?
Oh and this is for one person
Are there flights from Naples to Santa Cruz on another date?
bye
Greetings, my name is Harold. My grandson told me that I can book a flight by talking to a robot over the World Wide Web - I could hardly believe my ears! Back in my day, you had to saunter over to the local travel agency and wait in line to talk to an agent.
Anyway, I am getting off topic here. If you could be so kind, I would like to inquire about possible flights departing from Lima and arriving in Mexico City
I can afford to splurge on this trip! :slightly_smiling_face:
I would like to leave between now and September 1 if possible. I'm traveling alone
How wonderful! You know, I was just thinking how great it would be to bring some of my old fishing pals down to Mexico City with me. I hate to be a pain in the backside, but would you be able to add three more to my request? Business class please, thank you so very much!
I cannot begin to thank you enough! It will be a hoot and a half!
I would like to go to San Juan
between August 31 to September 19. leaving from Rio de Janeiro
I have a 2800 $ budget
ill book that
the 1st one
ok, thanks.
Hiiii! I was just selected for an internship and I could do it in 3 different cities. Since I'm on a budget I'll go to the city that best fits in my budget. The first one is Porto Aleger. Do you have any packages from August 27th to September 5th?
I'll be flying from Monterrey
My budget is 3800 and I really can't go over that
As long as I'm in Porto for the dates I gave you,  a longer stay is fine as long as the trip is in my budget! Actually, it could be kind of fun to stay longer, I would have time to do some sight seeing as well :slightly_smiling_face:
That sounds great! Does it have good reviews? It's my first time travelling alone so I really don't want to be stuck somewhere unpleasant
Fantastic! Ok, ill keep this one in mind. The second city I could go to is Punta Cana
Alright, scratch that. How about for Brasilia?
Yup! That one definitely seemed to suit my needs best! Give me a minute to read over the info again and I'll see if I have any other questions. oh yes! I will probably need to get some work done at the hotel, is there free wifi included?
Great! Yes please!
Thank you :slightly_smiling_face:
I want to go to brasilia from mannheim, can you recommend me packages from Saturday august 27 to Monday, September 12 for 2500 for 1 adult
um dates are flexible
ok
ok great
pls book that one for me thx
yo fam. got 5100 to blow
need to get out of Los Angeles for a week
can u gimme some ideas
yo i heard rosario is lit
can i fly there from los angeles
anytime dood
damn. where else is lit
throw some ideas at me
it doesn't have to be rosario. i just need to get out of los angeles
u got flights to dallas?
I'm traveling alone, from Minneapolis to Ciudad Juarez. Sept 2 to Sept 22. Do you have any flights that fit?
Is that the only thing you have in this range? It just has to be in September ideally
How much would it cost to take the 8-11 option?
Ok just book it for me then.
Thank you.
Hi I am the happy father of one children.I need to book a trip to Santos from Philadelphia with a 1900 budget
nope, I'm with my wife
 August 27 & sept 6
ok im gonna have to look elsewhere. thanks
I need a flight from Ulsan to Denver leaving on September 6
Damn straight. Actually no hold up
See if you got anything from Ulsan to Chicago also
Also leaving September 6
I have a big budget, don't you worry
What about flights leaving August 23rd instead
No. Book the Denver flight leaving Sept 6 then
Whats the cost?
Ok deal
Well to be honest I have no vacation days left and not savings to actually book something, but it doesn't hope to dream right? I figured I'd better do some research in case I win the lottery tomorrow haha
How about Milan? What's the most luxurious package you have for there?
Columbus
Really? You have no flights at all? The dates don't matter for me
Oh well, even planning an imaginary vacation isn't going well for me.. Guess its not my day haha. Those cities don't interest me too much. the next city on my list is Sacramento. Do you have trips going there?
The longest, fanciest stay EVER. oh and free breakfast! that's always fun
That would be sooooo nice. Keep it coming, what about a dream vacation to Frankfurt?
Anyway, i'd better go and finish my work for the day.Thank you for the mini escape :stuck_out_tongue:
hello I id like to go to manaus from ciudad juarez. 4,600$
ya
this week
tomorrow
ok
Can you check if there are any flights from Curitiba to Pittsburgh departing on Sept 2?
Would it be possible to do Sept 2 to 15?
Okay I will get back to you, thanks
One ticket from Atlanta to Tofino please
please try Atlanta to Santo Domingo please
no can do
Hello there, I'd like to book a vacation for my best friends and myself. I live and work in St. Petersburg, and I've been wanting to get out of the city with my buddies for a long time now :slightly_smiling_face:
Do you have any flights departing for Santiago on August 24?
And how about San Juan, departing on the same day?
What kind of hotel can you find me in Santiago?
Ooh fancy! And what about the hotel in San Juan?
Would you be able to find me a nicer hotel in any of these cities?
Can you put us up for Santiago August 24-28. Umm book for one please
Yes! Thank you :slightly_smiling_face:
i need to book a trip to rio de janeiro
from belem. we are 9
7 children
two adults
august 31 and sept 19
4900
and this is for 9?
ok
ii need my wife's approval. so wont be booking right now
Planning a honeymoon, please help! Can you get me on a flight out of Punta Cana to La Paz on August 24
Okay fine. Can you book us for four days and tell us how much it would cost?
How much would it cost for two? Can you do any honeymoon discounts?
Our budget is 1200, that won't work :disappointed: How much would a trip for two to San Diego cost?
I'm flexible with destination and length of trip. The only thing that is inflexible is budget
Okay will consider it and get back to you, thanks!
from san antoni to anywhere. leaving friday sept 2. coming back on tues sept 15
1100
to atlanta
well, im gonna book the one you suggested
yup from san antoni
Hi, can you please tell me how much would it cost to for two adults and a child to go from Seoul to Naples for five days?
That is way over our budget of 3200. There really isn't a shorter trip available?
Can you please try Seoul to Long Beach. Also for five days and same amount of travelers.
Can you find any flights leaving Seoul that I could look into instead?
How good are the hotels in Hiroshima and Kyoto?
Which hotel has higher customer ratings?
Glad I asked, wow. Okay book us for Hiroshima for 4 days please.
Thank you!
Yes hi! I live in Santos and I want to book a holiday of up to 16 days. Do you have any trips I can take that fit within a budget of 0$?
Really? Not even to Cordoba?
That's really a shame. Alright, what if I increase my budget to 400$, what can you do for me?
That could be fun, can you give me more info about the package?
Yes!!! Business class!! Can you give me other trip options?
How about to other destinations?
Yes, since 400 really is my budget, I'll book the Hotel Fernando Ribero package. It won't be the most exotic holiday, but it is a very good deal!
Great, thank you!
hi
my name is Cosmos and I need to go to Kobe from Tampa
lol ya 3 adults 4 children willing to pay 31400 $$$
no actually i meant to go to Fukuoka
Hello, anybody there?
Yes please. I live in Busan
Do you have any flights to Denver
I think i got $4900 saved up
No dates yet, just wanted an idea of what's out there
How about Los Angeles
How much would it cost to go to Vancouver?
Thank you so much! I can't book now but I'll let you know if my schedule clears up
Hello,
Can I please have a vacation from Busan to Pittsburgh for $1500
yes
I dont mind
can i go to sendai
ok how much is it?
ok I will book that one
786.39
ok thank you
Hello! I'm looking to take my family on vacation soon, and wanted to get a sense of prices
We live in Punta Cana, looking to travel between August 25 and September 5. Can you tell me how much it would cost to go to Pittsburgh?
Two adults and two children
Potentially, if that's all you have. Can you let me know how much that costs?
Yikes, that is over our budget of $2300. Can you see how much a trip to Indianapolis would cost?
Could you find something that fits within August 25 to September 5?
Alright. In that case, can you check prices going to Toronto?
Excellent. What kind of hotel comes with that package?
And are the flights economy or business class?
How much would it cost if we upgraded to business class?
Okay thanks for your help. I will get some feedback from the Mrs. and come back to you with a decision soon!
Good afternoon :slightly_smiling_face: I want to book a vacation for myself, my husband and our daughter. The time frame for our holiday is between August 31st and September 9th
Yes exactly!
We live in Portland and we don't have any destinations in mind, we look forward to your suggestions! Our constraint is that our budget is of 4800$
How long is this vacation for?
Ok! That is a pretty good deal for the length of the trip! Do you have options for trips outside the US?
What an attractive sounding package? Does the hotel have good reviews?
Great! I might need to get some work done in the evenings, is there wifi or computers I can use at the hotel?
That works for me! Last thing, can you give me the dates of this trip?
Fantastic, i'm looking forward to this! Can you book this for us?
Thank you so much!
yo fam want to take my girl down to Punta Cana
we from Cancun, tryna leave on Aug 30
damn i dont know dude
budget is $2800. how about Guadalajara...my cousin told me that place is LIT :fire::fire:
how long is the trip leaving sept 2 to Cancun
true, my bad. meant to ask about the flight to Punta Cana
thats one day fam
do you have one leaving sept 2 with a different return date? like september 7 for example
k book me the one day honeymoon. how much it cost
how much should i pay you?
alright booked
I want to go to Paris from Maceio with 6200$.
what about from Maceio to Detrut
from maceio to Paris?
what about to Minneapolis?
3422.75. looks good to me
ok
yes please
thak you
Hi! I'm looking to go from Essen to San Juan between August 27 to September 17
Traveling alone
Its for an internship, dates are non-negotiable. If thats not possible, can you check Santo Domingo for me?
Try Kyoto
August 27 to September 17
I feel like I've myself abundantly clear
August 27 to September 17
Hello, I'm looking to go from Essen to Mannheim
Can you check Essen to Ulsan for me
As long as $2900 will take me!
I want to see how much it would cost to go to Miami
Good to know, thanks again
hi. I want to go to Tofino from Burlington. please recommend me packages from Sunday 21 to August 24 for 2200 for 7 adults.
ok what if I increase my budget by 300$
ok I will go to Calgary
ok for seven adults
ok Thank you!
Hi there
I'm looking to leave from San Diego to a vacation destination. I have saved up approximately $0 for this trip. Can you help me find a suitable location?
Wow alright. How about if I told you I had $400, can you buy me a round trip ticket to Phoenix?
Phili sounds good! How many days?
How many days can I spend in Calgary?
Can you put me up at the Super 5 Hotel?
Book it! Nothing like fun in the city with my tight budget
hello
to seoul for at most 6600
if not, I will leave from Berlin
ok. for two adults
the business class
yes please
GREAT THANKS
Hey
Book a trip for 5 adults from Jerusalem to Kingston, and do it fast. Leaving August 21 Returning August 24
No we will not. We will be leaving from Jerusalem and going to Kingston. Do you understand?
Jerusalem to Kingston. I swear if I have to repeat myself again then I will sue
Hi there, I'm planning a family vacation and was wondering if you could be of assistance. We are 8 adults leaving from Beijing to Kyoto
Leaving from Sunday August 21. Flexible with return date. But we need to keep it under a budget of A budget of $2900
Do you have flights departing from Jerusalem instead?
So let me get this straight You do not have any flights whatsoever leaving from Beijing, to any destination
I dream of a better life and I want to go to Sendai
belo horizonte
$1,200
ya unfortunately...
as soon as possible.
belem?
ok what about calgary
ok i will take the belem flights
business class
awwwwsome can i also inquire for goiania
I'd like to book a trip for myself, from Tel Aviv to Tampa from, departing Aug 21, returning Aug 24. Do you have such a flight for me?
Then you are useless to me. Good bye.
Heyooooo
We are a group of friendly bros, 7 adults in all, and we want to go from Paris to Athens. Leaving Aug 29 returning Sept 9
Right on! Our budget is 24300
Is there no way you could Book us from the 29th of Aug until the 9th of Sept? If not, can you check Brasilia for the same dates, and also leaving from Paris?
Thanks bro
What would it cost, and what kind of hotel can you get us?
Can you tell me if this hotel has a hot tub? The boys are hyped for a team hot tub sesh
Damn alright. Can you check if the hotel in Athens has a hot tub?. And also tell us what that package would cost
How much does it cost then
What is the user review of the hotel in Athens? What is the user review of the hotel in Brasilia?
Is there an option to fly business class to Brasilia
Done.Book it.
Thank you!
Hi! Can you help me book a family vacation? Great! I'm looking to book a trip for 7 adults and 6 kids. We live in Campinas and we are going to Berlin. What options can you offer me?
We don't have specific dates in mind yet but we would like a holiday that is over a week long
We want to spend at most 29000
No, we are specifically looking to book a trip to Berlin.  Thank you, I'll try going through other agencies.
Do you do flights leaving from Tel Aviv?
Good evening. I am Hugo, father to five darling children
We reside in Mannheim, and have been eyeing Miami as a possible destination for quite some time.
They sure are! Do you have a flight for two adults and five children leaving on the 27th of August, returning on the 7th of September.
Hmph that is unsatisfactory
We would have preferred to returned on the 7th of September, as I have previously stated.
Would this also be leaving on the 27th of August?
Since you are unable to make our Miami plans come to fruition, then perhaps you may be of more use helping us book a flight to St. Louis instead. Same dates, also leaving from Mannheim
That is a marked improvement indeed. What are the costs associated with such a journey?
Are there cheaper alternatives? That is far beyond our budget
This is most unfortunate. In that case, we shall look to travel closer to home: can you book us a flight to Essen instead
Same details as before
For comparison's sake, what is the cost of the trip to Miami from August 31 to September 5
Is there any chance you could lower that? We will make do with budget airlines and seedy motels. Its time the young'uns see the real world anyway.
Very well. How about the price for the trip to Essen?
hello. please find me a vacation from Fort Lauderdale to Rome!!!
noooo
I LOVE travelling alone without having to worry about any budgets!!
oh ok like, tommorow?!
Okay, send me to Birmingham
omg. Alright, I can leave from anywhere!
suh
whats good in santo domingo rn tryina bring my wife and her sister and our 4 kids on a trip rn lmao
ayyy tight. san antonio. but like we got a budget fyi. 6700 cool cool
whats the deets? hotel is the same, but whats the cost/dates?
ok well my 4 kids dont need to start school on time lets book the longer one'
u da best thanks bot
Hi there! I'm getting married in Phili next week and we are having the most beautiful wedding ever! With all the planning for the wedding, we forgot to plan our honeymoon! :airplane_departure: We are pretty broke but would still like to take a trip to Curitiba! :blush:
We get married on September 1st, so we would like to leave on the 2nd :european_castle: A 15 day package would be ideal!
Just my husband and I, we are definitely leaving my new mother-in-law at home :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:
WOW that sounds amazing and it's under our budget of $3900! I love that it is on the beach :surfer: You found us the perfect honeymoon, thank you so much for your help.
Hi! I'd like to go on a trip to Monterrey!
oops I mean from Monterrey to Ulsan
I dont have one, i'm stinkin' rich!
I'm thinking between September 6th and 15th.
Just me, myself and I. I'm like super independent :slightly_smiling_face:
I can go  between August 31st and September 8th as well I suppose
What's another option?
These are all really expensive....Do you have any cheaper options? I'm rich but I'd like to stay rich for as long as possible.
I'm a woman! Try to find something 9000 or less if you can.
Now hear this! I don't know where I want to go, but I want to leave from Cancun! 
Ah yes! I need to leave on August 29 and return Sept 18th! 
Oh yes! 
Will they give breakfasts to me for free?
I am prepared to book this trip
I no longer want to travel. I'm out of here
I want to go to Curitiba.
Phili
5 adults altogether
Nah, I'm too cool to worry about money. Money is meant to be spent anyway, right?
August 28th and September 18th. My dates are flexible too btw
What are my options if I want to go to La Paz from Phili?
The same dates as before silly
Okay cool. What about if I left from Santiago?
ugh that's so lame. Well what if I left from Santiago and go to Curitiba? Is there anything there?
hmm okay let me think for a sec.... i just wanna compare my options first.
I think I like the first option for the trip to La Paz. Is this flight economy or business?
Yeah!
Is the third option to La Paz business class?
what days are the flights?
Whoa!  A whole Month?!
hmmm I think I'll take it! yeah! book this one for me please!
Thank you so much! this is gonna be the best vacation ever!!!!1
Good day! We got married last week and we'd like to go off to San Antonio for a bit!
From beautiful Houston man!
We gotta leave on Sept 1st if we wanna make the game. I'd like to stay ten days, maybe we can catch 2 games!
Just the two of us man!
Yes, of course,  you gotta be 18 to get married in Houston
Hey bud, I only have $900 bucks! Anything cheaper? We really don't have to fly business class!
Do you know what that's close to?
I guess my bride can go shopping while I go to the game. This sounds like a great package but I only have $900.
I guess $150 is not that big a deal and this one works with the games, just go ahead and book it. Thanks, bud.
Merci!
Hello I am currently in Tel Aviv on business and would like to get to Houston next Saturday, August 27th.
Well what if i left from Maceio?
Hmm, I’d like to leave the 27th.. in that case I can perhaps switch around my schedule, as I also have to make it to Burlington for an old colleague’s retirement party. Can you look into trips to Burlington for me from Maceio? I would have a coworker travelling with me.
I would like to leave Maceio on the 27th of August, can you tell me my options?
Hmmm well that’s it I guess.. what would the cost be?
Well that is no good.. Goodbye.
I HAVE TO LEAVE FOR DENVER ON OR BEFORE AUGUST 23.
MARSEILLE
JUST ME
2900 AND I NEED TO STAY IN YOUR BEST HOTEL IN Denver
FROM MARSEILLE TO DENVER ON OR BEFORE AUG 23 AND I HAVE TO STAY AT YOUR BEST HOTEL FOR UNDER 2900. COMPRENDE?
WHAT DO YOU HAVE IN 5 STAR RATED HOTELS. I NEED TO STAY AT THE BEST OF THE BEST.
AS LONG AS I LEAVE THE 23RD AT THE LATEST
NO ABSULUTELY NOT, IT'S NOT WHAT I WANT
ANOTHER 3 STAR RATED HOTEL...GOOD BYE!
hayyyy so I just got married :smile: we totally forgot about booking our honeymoon. But yeah, the two of us wanna go to Fortaleza. the wedding is in Tijuana, and we wanna go on august 27
omg that is actually perfect - our budget is 3100! and what are the details?? whats the place like??
ok that sounds pretty good actually!! i mean id prefer better than 3 stars for our honeymoon and all but if its got a guest rating of 8.22 stars then thats good. and what at the flight dates?
lets book!
Portland I live I will leave August 31 be back September 17 no more than 3200 dollars go
No
That sounds quite impressive. What is the hotel located near?
Wonderful, I love markets. Ok, let’s book it.
Thanks
Hi I need to get a way as soon as possible before I totally lose it....
look, I have lots of money help me find a trip to Kyoto for me and my friend she needs to get away too
I'm in toronto right now my friend will be here by tonight
yes! for my friend and I as soon as possible I'm going crazy! just make sure we are back by sept 6
yes it would but it has to have a spa and gourmet food
is it a five star hotel we only want a five star and if theres no spa at least a beach
what do you have in SL? there must be something in SL!
yes!!!!!!!
is it close to the beach
can you book us on business class we do not fly economy
perfect this is just what we need thank you please book us and keep it to yourself
Hi. Need to get to Sapporo
Leaving Baltimore
Sept 9-13
Between those dates. Not flexible.
Hello. I haven’t left Kingston Ontario in years, and I have 4900 left.
I don’t think I could even take a trip to Kobe for that price.. but would you let me know? I wish I could just go to Kobe but I have no vacation days left because I had to take them all to care for my sick dog
What would the hotel be like
What if I went to North Vancouver? I’ve never seen the west coast of this country..
Ok - one last destination I’ve been dreaming of. Rio de Janeiro.
hello we are 6 very quiet foreign exchange students from Santiago and we think that we need to start socializing more so we are thinking of going to Rome for spring break
our spring break is between Sept 2 and Sept 22 but we don't have to be away for the whole time
we have 11900 to spend we have been saving all year
we want to see what there is in Hamburg
so they are both 8 day packages?
how many days is each package|?
and the package to Hamburg?
looks to me like they are pretty equivalent but just to be sure, Hamburg is downtown?
I have discussed is with my fellow students and we have decided we will go to Hamburg are you able to help us book that
yes please! :relieved:
Hey there!
I’ve been tasked with booking my own little Brady bunch a dandy tripadoodle the end of this summer :smile: There’s me, my wife, and 7 little angels. We would like to check out our options in Mexico City, leaving from Munich, with a budget of 12600.
Wow, yippee! That’s a stupendous sounding vacation! Oh yes, those dates are just fine. I guess I should’ve told ya earlier but we are free to travel from August 30th until September 12th.
I’ve gotta be good and thorough though, this trip is gonna set the standard for all our family getaways to come. What else is available?
Oh, so how many stars was the Hotel Tropic spot you first mentioned?
Ok! Now, I have another destination that I’m interested.. are there any packages available if we went to San Diego?
Ok.. well, we are also thinking about visiting Essen as that’s where my wife’s family is from. Could you tell me anything about packages to Essen from Munich ?
Hmm yes, of course. Far more affordable to travel domestically. I think Mexico City would be far more fun that seeing the crusty in-laws… Let’s go back to those packages. I think I’d like to book Exalted in Mexico City. It sounds very exotic and beautiful.
Let’s do it :smile:
Hi I'm from Minneapolis and I am looking for a 5 day get away for the upcoming long weekend
yes just lonely ole me
I have to leave on Friday Sept 2nd and I have 5 days off
4 days works fine for me.  Burlington is supposed to have amazing museums and quite the night life.  What do you have close to a museum?
How much is this place in Burlington?
And Calgary?
So it's cheaper even though it is a 4 star?
what else do you have in Calgary?
what's it close to?
anything else included in the price?
no breakfast?
so you only have the 2.5 star hotel in Burlington and the 4 star hotel available in Calgary. No other choices for the upcoming long weekend of Sept 2nd?
okay I was looking for a little more variety in options, thanks anyway!
Hello. I am a deeply tormented children’s writer and I need to get away to Lima to write my upcoming book, The Little Engine That Let Everyone Down. I have a deplorable sales record and so I need to stay under 2000 dollars. I am leaving from Minneapolis.
I travel alone and my solitude is the source of my suffering.
I care not about the arbitrary constraints of calendars.
I do not wish to be located near a park and I do not want to have to be exposed to the sounds of joyful youths’ merrymaking. I need more options.
How miserable. Yes, please search for Seattle results.
Yes, I would like to stay near the barren desert airport and be confined to the comforts of my own room. Please book this.
Thank you. I will be full of joy.
sup 
paris
leon
no! Stop!
just search for me alone
Very good. I will take this package. And by take, I obviously mean book. Can't wait to book this terrific trip.
I need your help, I'm on the edge of a burn out and if I don't get some vacation time I'm going to end up in a hospital!
I don't really have a budget, I will grab the best deal. I had to fight with my boss for some vacation time and he finally gave me from Friday the second to Tuesday the thirteenth off so it HAS to be somewhere in those dates. I live in pittsborgh and I was thinking La Paz might be interesting, that way I could practice my espanol.
Mexico City please
can you please provide me with flight details - dates and times. I hope this is in economy, I want nothing to do with business!
that's cutting close returning on the 13th but I guess that's fine! what does my package include?
how about a nice Mexican breakfast?
okay well it's still a good deal, please go ahead and book it...a week away from this hell hole will do wonders for me!
thank you you are a lifesaver!
im trying to get to flavourtown aka seattle. i have 4 lawyers coming with me
ya duh dude. 5 adults
and my one children is coming too
Sanantososos
yea oops typo
no i just need to get there whenever and eat a really good donut and bring my lawyers to sue the idiot who made it
i need to hear about more details. i need options. 
I want to go to Sapporo
Santo Domingo
August 23 to 26
I want to go to Sapporo from Santo Domingo from August 23 to 26
3000 for 1 adult
That unfortunate....oh well. Thank you anyway!
Hello. I'm just gonna be honest with you, here's my dilemma...I take pictures of people for a living of famous people. The more famous the more moolah I make.  Madonna is having a concert in Melbourne on August 24th and her new boyfriend Justin Bieber will be with her. Ya, I know that's a bit gross but that's the rumour. Can you get me there from Busan?? I need to leave on the 23rd.
What?!?! Any flights to Melbourne from any other destinations?
I could try to leave from Birmingham?
I will find another way to get there then, thank you anyways
Hello, I represent a group of people who want to get out of Munich. our group comprises 4 adults and 6 children
I forgot that there is a fifth adult travelling with our group
If you want to know, our budget for this trip is 33900 
Our group does not care where it travels
There isn't anything else I can afford with my money?
could I not afford any other trips for less than 33900?
sounds beautiful!!!! what are trip dates
What about the dates for KOCHI
ok what are the dates for Punta Cana
How much of my money would I have to spend going to Ulsan?
Please, please book this terrific trip
Thank you.
I'm so happy, my wife is finally letting me plan the family vacation! We saved all of our loonies and twonies this year and we have a whole $5000 to spend! Now, I have to impress her by getting the best possible information on all of our options. I think Belem would be a great place to take the kiddies!
We live in Goiania
We have 5 beautiful children, 2 girls and 3 boys. Their names are Sansa, Arya, Robb, Brandon and Rickon.
We can leave from August 30th to September 6th, before winter sets in
We would prefer something longer....winter is coming. How about south to Baltimore. What do you have available there on the dates I gave you?
well how much is it?
We've heard Hamburg is really kid friendly!
How much is that one? Is that one on business class too?
What dates for Hambuurg?
And in Belem?
Well we definitely would not fly business class with all those kids, definitely economy whatever we choose. You said Gentle Tower is on the beach, is Hamburg also on the beach?
How many stars is the hotel Peter rated?
Look, I've got to get myself out of Santiago My friend and I would like to try and see Denver We want a 5 start hotel, too. Can you get us a trip that ends August 31st?
what if I go to Fukuoka instead?
no that wont do. I will give up on traveling, goodbye.
Hey I have an internship abroad I need to check some things out. I’m leaving Kochi September 8 at the earliest.. What’s available in Naples?
Yes
Um no, I’m not taking a 3 day internship.. What’s available in Ciudad Juarez
Better...What are the prices for each of these?
What if I went to…. Pittsburgh :unamused: ?
Yes. Details.
Ok that’s what guests gave it but what’s its actual rating?
Ok, I’ll stay at the palace in Ciudad Juarez.
I heard Madonna and her friend were going to Santa Cruz. I need to go there and try to get a dope picture for People Magazine so I can get rich quick.
2000
i want to leave today
it doesnt matter
just me
Lima
If i increase my budget by 1000 are there any results?
hi. i need a vacation. im in berlin and wondering about trips to milan
from berlin to milan. what is available
yes, I would. paint me a picture with your words
what if i went to san juan? what would the packages be like?
yes, yes. indulge me
less of a marvel  but lovely in its own right. what if I splurged and went all the way to Frankfurt? what kind of trip could I have then?
yes please, tell me more
sounds like a great hotel!
My brother and I both recently divorced our spouses and we want to take our 7 children away from all the drama for a bit. Do you have a fun package destination after August 31st? Something like the Atlantis?
We live in Lima and we have a total of $9500
We have to be back by September 7 so about a week? We live near the beach so it would be fun to visit some museums somewhere, make it a learning experience for everyone
How much is that?
do you have 4 star or more hotel available? the kids would love that!
what if we stayed until the 12th and increased our budget by $200? What could you do for us? Forget the museum, I don't know what I was thinking, the kids will be bored to death. Back to the Atlantis idea, anything near a beach?
I've heard of that place! I used to be a travel agent and I actually sent someone there myself, not sure why I didn't think about it! is this below our budget?
and what are the dates?
this looks like the perfect place to get away, thanks for your help!
gracias!
looking at tijuana and i would likely be leaving from ciudad juarez asap
check out tijuana
have me back in ciudad juarez for sept sixth
is that not what asap means….
no children, christ. 2 adults
potentially.. yes, whatre the details
6.77 rating is far from ideal, honey. look in baltimore if you need to
8.69 is somewhat more acceptable but I really need the best. if I left from Santiago could you find me a 10 star
tijuana
absolutely not. book me the trip to baltimore
were they going to punta cana? im in mexico city i need to get there
yes thats what i said
i can leave on august 30th
yes. and keep it under a grand
well whats the hotel rating? it better be good
gross theres no way im gonna score any candid pics there..what else
fine yeah look into it
2.5 stars are u kidding me. I need something diva-worthy what if i up it to 2g's
2000 dollar budget check it
no I need to check Punta Cana
fine
i said 2.5 wasnt good enough
Hello online, I am the happiest man on earth! I have 4 beautiful children, a beautiful wife, a great life and on top of it all my beautiful wife has now let me look after what we hope will be a beautiful vacation. I have $8600, let's look at some possible fun trips for me, plus my beautiful wife, PLUS my beautiful family.
We live in beautiful Frankfurt! I don't know, I was asked to look into Munich.
We were hoping for a longer vacation! That one sounds very nice and luxurious but let's check out beautiful Paris?
yes absolutely
That one sounds pretty good. I need to look at your packages in Belem, see if there is anything on the beach there.
That's a bit too soon for us
We can only travel during beautiful September from the 1st to the 14th
I kinda like this one myself! There's no way I can book without wifey's approval. I will let her know about all the fantastic packages you have available and we will call you back to confirm. Thank you for all your help, life is beautiful!
:+1:
august 25-september 3
san diego to santo domingo
just me
maybe. go to la paz instead
maybe, but give me what you got for fukuoka to la paz
fukuoka to santo domingo
maybe. ok dates flexible. san diego to santo domingo- what hotel
same hotel if i leave from fukuoka?
ok book it for 5. we’ll leave from san diego
yes
great thanks
Hello! I live in Pueblla and i must go for a internship to 1 of 3 places. I need to shop around a little as i have very little money. can you aid me with this task
yes, but i want to go to Seoul 
aug 30 to sept 12
Chicago do u have something cheap there
August 31 is fine i can leave bit later
Sounds good but any way I can come back before 17
is there wifi at this hotel i will need that for my project
i like this package very much but i must check for packages in north vancouver too
so i guess iw ill go with best deal Sierra Inn from Aug 31 to Sept 12. I travel alone- do you know if it is safe neighbourhood?
what is guest rating
that seem good, i will book! Gracias!
hello i am booking from buenos aires to tokyo
yes - august 27 until september 9th
i dont need the exact dates but within that date range, sorry I shouldve clarified
yes sure, that’d work. whats the hotel like
i also wanna check out buenos aires to salvador
yes
ok not bad. what if i left from toluca
interesting. i will consider it
but i will also consider toluca to tokyo
ok tell me more
is that the same hotel if i left from buenos aires?
well i would like to compare the two
can I have a side by side comparison. rating, amenities, location
tell me all the qualities of each hotel. compare them for me
nah. whats available in salvador. how many different hotels
sure
what if i left from toluca
is that from toluca
ok. lets book the hotel in fukuoka
2 adults
thanks
I want to go to Jerusalem to Ulsan. I am bringing 11 adults and 14 children and i will spend at most, 3100.
I guess I can increase my budget by 1000
My wife and I just had our second baby and would like to take a vacation with our 2 children. We are looking for a child-friendly resort, preferably in Queenstown.
We are from Campinas. We can depart on August 27 but must return on September 17
do you have anything that returns before Sept 17?
We have $4000 to spend.
Can I have the names of those hotels please?
both of those seem like they would work well for use, what do you have within those dates available in San Juan?
a 9 day with 2 kids seems like long enough!
and the dates for these are?
One more destination, I promise. My wife wants me to make absolutely sure that I get ALL the information. Do you have anything in Porto?
yes Porto Alegre.  Out of the 4 resorts you suggested in Queenstown and San Juan, are any of them on the beach?
do any of them include breakfast? It's always nice to eat breakfast at the hotel!
okay well they are all within our budget! Once I speak to my wife I will get back you you to book!
Hi you can help me by exploring my options to travel from Paris to San Jose.
I’m looking to ~book~ for 2 adults and one child. Doesn’t matter, but I’d like to spend around 2 weeks there.
Tijuana is another possible destination. What’ve you got there?
Where is the hotel located within the city? Close to any amenities?
What about snowy Nugget Inn?
Ok, that sounds more appropriate. Yes, please book the hotel in San Jose.
Thanks
I want to go to Monterrey from Tofino
no I am very flexible with the price. but I would like it if it could be around 3300 for 7 adults
I could increase my budget by 200.
No, that wont work. hmm i guess i'll have to go somewhere else. that's okay. Thanks for the help anyway.
toronto to calgary september 9 to september 13
2600 dollars or less
no
Hey. Looking to get the family out of Montreal for a bit
Not sure, something within our budget of 8500.
3 adults and 5 children.
If its within our budget, then yes. What dates?
Fantastic. Let’s book!
Hi I need to go to Kabul on August 23rd
oh I'm sorry I meant to say I want to leave from Kabul, not to Kabul!
to Dublin .
how about if I leave from Beijing?
okay how about from Beijing to pittsborgh for 8 of us?
yes
for less people only?
okay thanks
no thank you
You can help me by finding me a vacation from Munich to San Juan between August 27 and September 3.
Yes, it would. Can I hear some more information about the package?
Great. Book for one adult.
:slightly_smiling_face:
i am leaving essen i have a budget of 3200
portland first ALSO my schedule permits me travel only between aug 23-26
check bh
you dont have any flights to birmingham yeah i find that pretty freakin hard to believe
Hi I need to go to BA
I am presently in North Vancouver. Would like to leave around Sept 2 and come back around Sept 15
10 sounds good as long as I am back by the 15th
This package sounds perfect. Can you tell what it's located close to and whether it has free wifi?
yes that was quick, thank you!
I’m dreamin, of a getaway to the the Veg. I live in Busan
Las Vegas from Busan
I mean, sure..What’s it look like?
Sounds beautiful. But what about if I went to Tampa?
What’s the hotel like? Equally mythical?
Neat! What about if I go to Hamburg?
I would indeed
Sounds lovely. No thanks, I don’t want to book right now. How much would the Hotel Peter package cost
Just one. Adult.
Wow! How much would the trip to Tampa cost?
Hmm, also within my reach. And for Las Vegas?
Great. I thank you for your time.
I have 8 days for vacation starting on september 6 from dallas. What can you offer me?
No i'd just like to explore my options
i dont care what day i get back
When is the flight?
I would need to be back by the 13th.
this sounds ideal. yes i quite like this.... Go ahead and book it for me please :slightly_smiling_face:
Thank you i'll be back again to use your help!
spring break gurl whats up yaassss
so we r off frommmmm aug 27 until 9/11 4 flights please from san francisco to baltimore
Please, Tell me more about that thing
i’m answering YES to ur question dude ok???? YES tell me MORE
is it on the beach tho
San Francisco to Miami, please if ya like that
soooo i know its not gonna b fun but how boutchu hit me with the prices. We'll be 4 grown ass women
ok whats the price for baltimore tho
whats the guests think of that triple aegis in miami
what about free breaky in miami cause you know we gonna be savage hung and not bout to go out  for some mcgriddles if we can get it in pajamas know what im sayin
agghhh. free breakfast in miami yes or no
beautiful omg yes lets do it :smile: :smile: :smile: :smile:
boo i love it u an absolutely angel xo bless
Madonna and I need to get as far away from the paparazzi as humanly possible. We want to go to Paris from Toluca and I need to be back by September 11th because I am performing the next day.
NO! of course not lol i'm rich AF
yes! those dates are great! I'll book it ! I just really need to get away from the paparazzi stalker peeping toms
Awe thank you! you're such a sweet robot lol. okay toodles :v:
Hi there, I'm on vacation from Aug 30 to Sep 4 and I wanted to know where I can go on my $4600 budget. I live in Dallas btw
I'm just traveling alone
Can you tell me more about the hotel in PUnta CAna?
That's good to know, thanks.. Can you tell me about the 4.6 star hotel?
Interesting, can you tell me if its near any attractions?
What are the dates for the trip to La Paz?
Thanks, can you tell me the price?
Ok cool, I'll take it.
Hi! I need to find a package that will allow me to get to an internship I've been offered. There are several cities I could go to and I haven't made up my mind up yet, can you help me compare the options?
I live in Goiania and the first city I'm considering is Kobe. And it's not a paid internship so I was hoping to spend less than 2000 on flights and accomodation
Ok, I need to be there from August 31st to September 12th.
I need to be there for the entire duration of my internship
Ok thanks, but that won't work for me. I guess I can cross Kobe of my list. How about Detroit? Do you have anything there for the dates I gave you?
That's too bad! I think its better if there for the entire span of dates they gave me. It would make a bad impression if I left a day earlier. How about Leon?
Alright, can you tell me more about the detroit one then?
Ok, well I guess I'll look elsewhere, thanks anyways!
I need to get to Beijing so I can get a picture of Madonna and her huge popstar friend, Greg.
No, they aren't going there.  I need to get to Beijing from Mexico City and I need to leave yesterday. I have 2700. If I need to I can increase my budget by 1000
ew no. I need to go to Beijing
nope I want to go to Beijing
nope, I guess I'll have to find another way to get to Beijing....... peace out
I must go to Vancouver from Tijuana.
Can you check trips to Essen? I'm very meticulous so I need lots of options. I also need to go from August 30th to September 12th.
Sure! Tell me more
are there any packages to Cleveland? I've been there before and i might want to go again
not too shabby....Do you have any packages to Milan?
Can you tell me about the one from the 1st to 10th please?
Sold! I'll take this package!
Thank you!
Get me a trip to Curitiba next Tuesday
I'm leaving from Essen
I don't want to spend more than $3400. Traveling alone
Which one has the best hotel?
Thats not good enough. Can I get a better hotel if I spend up to $4400?
Which one has the best user review then?
Okay fine I'll take it.
Hi!!! I really need your help! I'm getting married in a week and with everything going on I haven't had time to book a honeymoon trip yet
We live in Montreal (JUST BOUGHT A HOUSE THERE!! haha so our budget is pretty tight right now). We were thinking of going to Cleveland but it would have to be for less than 1400
Our wedding is August 31st so leaving September 2nd would be perfect. Any 8 day packages?
My wife would really like us to leave as early as possible after the wedding... How much is it? And how many stars does the hotel have?
Are there any trips to Sydney that leave earlier? My wife has always wanted to go visit and it would be a nice surprise for her
That leaves way too late for us and we really can't go over budget :confused: Do you think my wife would mind if we only left September 6th?
She is really nervous about us spending too much so a sweet deal might make her happy. Plus then I can afford to take her to fancy restaurants  and to the theatre every night for a week haha. What have previous guests thought of this place?
Wow thats super high! Ya, please book this for us, it would have been better to leave earlier but at this point this might be the best we can find
YES PLEASE! for that price, I can treat my beautiful bride to that
Thank YOU!!
I need to go on a secret vacation so you're gonna need to keep this information on the down low.
I want to go to Leon from London and I'm travelling with Madonna so we are gonna need the best packages you have. We need to be back by September 11th because I'm performing the next day so make it happin cappin
That sounds fantastic! hmmmmm.... Can you check for flights to Curitiba?
no, but can you tell me a bit more about the Leon package?
That sounds absolutely positively perfect! Can you book it for 2!
Thank you so much darling
Yo dude.
i wanna get out off this lame city. I can leave for 13 days dawg. Gotta dip from Puebla.
anywhere man.
I only got $400
well dang. how 'bout if I skedaddle from Montreal?
that's dope! I'll take it. you're pretty helpful
Hi there :slightly_smiling_face: I just managed to get my boss to agree to a HUGE vacation time slot!! I am so excited to do some traveling. I'm traveling from Hamburg and I have a few cities I'm thinking of seeing...
Do you have packages to Tijuana?
I'm free to travel from August 30 to September 20. Budget is to be determined
I just want to know more about the hotels in Tijuana first. Which package has the the hotel rated 3 stars?
Great, let me just ask you about Kingston also. Do you have flights to Kingston
also from Hamburg
awesome, thanks for the detailed response. Can you check trips to Salvador?
Is the hotel near any attraction?
Now I'd also like to check out trips to Miami
Can you tell me about the amenities here
ok i just want to compare really quickly with the Resort Jade Covert in Tijuana. do you know if its near anything interesting?
Can you tell me the price for Miami if its for two adults and four kids?
what do i get for 7146.39?
Deal. Book it
I want to dream of a better life and pretend I have money and vacation days left. Can you check packages from Queenstown to LA?
yeah try $4000, that's all I have in my bank account anyway.
Any flights to Atlanta?
wow.....you're making me wish I hadn't spent my vacation days self-loathing and getting plastered. Are there any trips to Fukuoka?
wow.... well if i could travel at this time I would take the Atlanta trip but maybe next year.... Thanks for enlightening me today 
1 adult, 5 kids, Seattle to Athens for 16700, what are the options?
Anything shorter?
anything around a week?
ok, what is the shortest one then?
details for that one please
no breakfast?
and those are your only options? 13 or 16 days at same place?
alright, ill book for 13 days, not ideal but i dont have much time to research it
thank you
I am the happy father of 5 darling children and my wife wants me to plan our family vacation! She needs to approve before I make a final decision, I'm quite whipped!
2 adults and 5 kids.
i want to go to Sydney from Punta Cana please
I'd like to go between august 28th and september 13th if possible.
Can I see some packages for the 6 day option?
Well my budget is 17000 so I can definitely afford it but I just want to see all of my options so I can get the best vacation package for my family. Do you have any packages to San Antonio?
Hmmm that package doesnt really interest me but can you check one more place for me? I want to look into Busan please
What about a 10 day package?
Hmm after a lot of consideration and discussing it with my wife, I think we are most interested in the 5 star hotel package to Sydney for the 9 day package. Do you think you could just give me a little more information on this package before I make my final decision?
4 stars is great. I really like the sounds of this package and so does the wife! We will take the business class package for the 9 day stay!
Thank you for your help today, I'm sure I will be back again!
Hi My cousin is getting married so I'm looking for a place to stay in Milan from August 27th to September 1st :slightly_smiling_face: I'd be leaving from Punta Cana
That could work! How much is it?
Is that the price for 2 people?
yes that would be great! I'm going with my husband
That's a bit expensive! Do you have any cheaper deals?
What about if we left earlier? Like the 25th?
Ok, let me see them
My husband didn't want to come anyways and we can't afford to both go so I guess i'll book hotel for one person
Thank you!
Finally get to take a vacation! I'm looking for trips leaving from Nagoya
What do you have going to Rome?
Anytime between August 30th and the 13th of September
Sounds like a cool hotel! Is it fancy?
ok, how about if I went to Porto Alegre?
oh cool! what was included in the other one?
so where could I stay in Porto?
would Seattle be cheaper?
not bad! I forgot to ask, is the one in Porto close to anything interesting?
how about the seattle one?
I've also been dreaming of Kyoto
including breakfast?
Which hotels have good user reviews?
I meant among all the hotels you offered
I think it's between Fairyland 8 and Breakwater
How many stars does Fairyland have?
with breakfast? :smile:
I'll go to Porto then! The price difference is definitely worth the price difference!
Can you just confirm the dates with me?
Awesome! ya please book it for me!
Thanks :smile:
Santiago to Queenstown  7 adults two children
whats the earliest flight you can put me on
yes, 11300
Can you tell me about the amenities at this hotel. And are there longer possible stays
I'm willing to increase my budget to 12800. Can you check again
Whats the rating for this hotel?
DOPE. book it
Hi! I'd like to book a trip to Tel Aviv from Tijuana. I was wondering if there are any packages from August 23rd to 26th for $3400 for 2 adults. My dates are also flexible.
What if i increase my budget by $300?
Oh okay. well thanks anyway. I might come back later if i decide to go somewhere else.
I have never travelled alone before so I'm going to be very meticulous. I would like to go to Belem from Kobe. I'm a student so i have a tight budget of 5700
Sure, can you check Denver?
oh sorry, I should have been more clear, I was looking for a flight FROM Kobe to Belem.
Just one more from Kobe to Santos please
Unfortunately not. I'll look somewhere else but thank you for checking :slightly_smiling_face:
Hi there...this is my first time traveling and I'm so excited! I've lived in Boston all my life and want to see the world
I have 1900 budget and 13 days
I'm flexible, some time soon I hope!
Yes just me myself and I
You are a lifesaver! Which destination has the highest rated hotel?
Do they both have the same amount of amenities?
Okay cool. Which destination can I stay for the longest time at?
Okay, does this hotel at least have a decent user rating?
Ok I'm leaning towards this one but just to help me decide, can you tell me if this hotel is near any attractions or has any amenities?
Ok great, I think I'll book this one
Thanks!
I'd like to find a vacation from Kabul to Santiago for 1800. I dont care when i go and it's just me traveling
Hey
Is there anything from Kabul to Philadelphia? I can increase my budget by $400.
no i dont...thats okay tho, I'll come back another time. Thanks
I have 11 days for vacation this year! I only have $400 to spend tho. I leave from Santiago. What kind of packages are there?
Thats perfect! Can you give me more information about this package?
That sounds great :slightly_smiling_face: i'd like to book this right away please
Thanks!
Good afternoon! I would like to inquire about travel options between several cities. The trip would need to be between September 8th and 17th. The first option would be between Stuttgart and Baltimore.
That would fit our needs quite well, does the hotel offer wifi to its guests?
Excellent, that was quite fast! Can you please book this trip for my 5 colleagues? And please let me know of the price first
Yes, that is a reasonable price
Thank you for you kind assistance
I need to go to San Jose between August 27 and September 5. Leaving from Goiania
Yeah i got 5 grand
Hmm ok what are the exact dates?
Do you have anything leaving on August 27? I still have class on the 25th
do you have something leaving for hiroshima on the dates i gave you
How about to Hamburg
Do any of them fit my schedule of August 27 to September 5
Ok you know what, lets just book the original San Jose trip instead then.
Hi, I'd like to go from Burlington to Valencia with my family. We are 6 kids and 4 adults. Our budget is 19900.
I like the 5 star option, do you have any more information on this?
yes please!
thanks
I work in Sendai and I need to get out of here. I'm willing to blow all my savings
The only thing is that my dates are not flexible, I can only by from work (aka hell-hole) from August 30th to September 11th. And i was hoping to leave for 11 days
Do you have anything to Santos in that time frame?
Sure, give me all the details and I'll see what my options are
My other destination is Hiroshima
4 days!! That's way to short for me. How about Toronto, anything long and sweet for me there?
And that's the longest one you have?
Ok give me the Santos one then! One extra day of bliss with that one haha
That's all! Now there is a light at the end of my tunnel :stuck_out_tongue:
I need to find a vacation between today and September 14th from Punta Cana to San Francisco
I'd like to be back by the 14th
alone
no but could you check dates from august 30th to september 16th?
okay well I will come back another time.
Hey man! I just finished school!!!! Yes I know, I graduated, who would have ever imagined that? haha haters gonna hate, it took me 7 years but i'm done with uniiii. Anyways, I wanna go somewhere starting August 27th. I can be gone for 10 days before starting work
Munich, ma home town
Cool man, tell me more
Damn, sweet deal! What else you got?
Like about september 6th
But just to know, how many stars the one in Rome?
That's more like it! Is there free breakfast? Because you know a guy like me can eat a lot haha so free breakfast is life
Do you have trips to anywhere else in Spain? Valencia is in Spain right? My buddy told the nightlife there was NEXT LEVEL
oh well, next time, book me to Vitoria then and I'll see what's happening there
That's all man, thanks a lot
GET ME A FLIGHT FROM BARCELONA TO CALGARY LEAVE SEPTEMBER 2
I would like to go on a trip with my wife and 2 kids. Our budget is 3700 and we'd like to go between august 27th and september 10th. I've been thinking about going to Curitiba from Paris
yes I would like more details please
how much is this package?
I will have to reject this package, it is just too expensive. Maybe you could check flights to Seattle for me?
hm...how about Miami? I can increase my budget by $1000
I think we'd rather be by the mall so my wife can shop!
What are the dates for the cheaper package?
That sounds good to me. How much are business seats for this package?
not too shabby. I like this one and so does the wife, so we will go ahead and book this one please
Thank you so much!
GET ME A FLIGHT FROM DENVER TO MILAN. LEAVE THIS FRIDAY
GET ME THE BEST HOTEL MONEY CAN BUY
HOW MUCH DOES IT COST FOR 11 DAYS
AND THIS LEAVES ON FRI AUG 26 YES?
IS THERE ONLY ONE FOUR STAR HOTEL AVAILABLE OR SEVERALL
WHICH ONE HAS THE HIGHEST RATING FROM CUSTOMERS
OK THIS ONE MUST BE IT DOES IT HAVE GOOD AMENITIES
K BOOK ME FOR BIZ CLASS
I need a trip to Marseille on these exact dates: September 9 to September 13
Flying from Manaus
They are not.
Hi! I'm travelling solo to Belem from Atlanta and I want to go between august 24 and september 11
I really need to be leaving from Atlanta. What about if I came back later?
Are they all at the same hotel?
Can you tell me about the one with the longest stay?
They both sound fantastic! Does Zion include free things as well?
That's great! Then i'll go with Zion, it's fancier and somehow a lot cheaper, can't wait :smile:
Thank you :slightly_smiling_face:
Ok i got a week off starting Sept 8. I live in Tampa, show me some cool places I can go!
I'm flexible with the budget - can pay what it takes if the destination really catches my eye :wink:
You got trips to the city of Kobe?
I only have seven days though...any chance I could book a shorter trip?
How much does the five day trip cost?
Do you have anything from Tampa that goes to Europe? I feel like this is taking far longer than it should...
Okay lets say I settle for Santo Domingo
can you please just find a trip to take me out of this godforsaken town
IS this for Santo Domingo?
Can you check the other destinations, starting with Phoenix? I want to know hotel details
That is neat  but can you please tell me about your offerings in Phoenix only.
if they're both 3 stars, why does it cost more to stay in the second one for less days...are the user reviews higher, or do they have more amenities?
Can you give me the same information for your Long Beach packages?
And how about Lima?
Cool, just got to ask about Ciudad Juarez too before I make up my mind! :slightly_smiling_face:
Can you tell me more about the hotel in Santo Domingo, I just want to see if its near the beach
I'd like to have a hotel in Santo Domingo that is near the beach please.
Can you tell me more before you book. I want to know price, ratings, and amenities.
Book me for September 8 to 15
Okay book me the four star hotel and business class.
I want to leave on the 8th. 
Thats fine, what amenities does it have?
When is the return date for this trip?
Ok I'll take it.
I want to go to Washington. From Madrid
Yeah man, Washington.
no, i'll be with 9 other adults so 10 altogether
$2000 but I am willing to increase my budget by $300 if need be
we'd like to travel between august 23rd and august 26 but our dates are flexible.
 that's okay, I'll come back at a later date. Thank you anyway 
Howdy! So how does this work? I'm not too good with technology, I'm more of a pen and paper kind of guy
Ok thank you! I live in San Juan and I have two destinations in mind. The first one is Chicago.
No, but I am really hoping to be gone for 10 days.
An extra day should be ok. For how many people is that price?
Me, my wife Penny and Johnny my son.
1700, I wish I could spend more but I'm a writer and my last book was a total flop you know. I'm travelling to work on my book so if you could find places that were calm that would be really nice. I need this one to be a masterpiece!
Ok, the other place I was thinking of is Baltimore
Is that the only option for Baltimore?
Ok well I really need this getaway so I suppose an extra 50$ and 3 days won't hurt. Can you tell me more about the place?
Is it booked then?
Yes please!
Amazing, thank you! Now all that's left to do is for me to write a bestseller! And pack of course
Hi, I'd like to go to Seattle from Manaus. I will be with 4 other adults and my 5 children will be coming along as well. I am willing to pay 34800, i will increase that price if needed.
5 adults and 5 children
I can go anytime!
Business please
I have no preference. Either or is fine
5 star for sure
This is 100% satisfactory! I will have you book this package please!
Thanks!
I'd like to go to Melbourne from Manaus
just me
no
doesn't matter
$7,500
I'm leaving from Manaus
okay well how about to Rome
Nothing in particular but what are the best packages you can offer?
i prefer business
Heck yes! That sounds like a great deal! Hook me up!
Thank you!
So there are 4 friends I promised I would visit this year and I want to check which one would be the best to visit in the coming weeks based on the deals you can offer me.
From Tijuana and I would be going between August 31st and September 11th
Let's check Burlington first
Those are pretty good deals, are they with economy flights?
ok great, that's something I'm happy to save on
Leon, since I could go to Burlington for about 1000, is there anything in Leon around the same price? And 6 days sounds like a good length
Wow that would be quite a lot more, why the price difference? Is it a fancier hotel?
How long is that stay?
Ok thanks. My friend lives in Punta Cana, how much would it cost to get there?
What's the hotel like?
and...
that good! what else?
What else can you tell me about this hotel?
I'd like to take a vacation between august 30th and September 2nd for 5 adults and 1 kid for 2700.
San Jose. My budget is 20900 too and we have no specific date for return
yeah thats correct, I'm getting my plans all mixed up today. We would like to return on the 2nd
no anywhere is fine
that's redonkulous. I'll go somewhere else then.
I'd like to try and book a vacation between september 2nd and september 15th
Washington
Kingston
nothing in particular, just something under 1700
thats fine as long as im back by the 15th
downtown preferably
are there any other packages?
I think I like the first price better so i'll have more money to shop teehee
yes please do
Thank you
Ok so I've been DYING to visit Goiania and I can finally take some time off. What do you have leaving from Berlin, preferably between August 25th and september 3rd?
That's a bit short, anything longer? There is so much I want to see there :smile:
Ok well tell me more about this one then :slightly_smiling_face:
Wow! Sounds so nice! It just feels like a lot of money for such a short trip. What if I traveled from september 8-16 instead?
Any week long trips to Brasilia from Mannheim between august 30 and september 15?
Does it cost less than 3500?
Great its under my budget so please tell me more!
Sounds like a good place to stay! I'm also considering Curitiba
As long as they fit my budget and my dates, please tell me about them all
What do you mean by all amenities listed above?
ok thanks! Pinnacle is the 15 day one right?
I would prefer to stay at Market since it is by the beach and a longer stay is more that fine with me if I can afford it haha. What are the dates for that one?
That would be perfect! That's my favorite one so far :slightly_smiling_face: How much is it?
Fantastic, I would prefer to go with economy. Last place I could go to is Fortaleza
I would still like to compare that package with your options in Fortaleza
I think Market Palace is still my favorite one, did it have good reviews?
Ok good to know, I'll go with that one then!
hi there, i'm having my dream wedding this Saturday and I want to have a dream honeymoon right after :slightly_smiling_face: :slightly_smiling_face:
i'm marrying the love of my life in Salvador, and we want to go to Miami!!!
4200. Will this last us 10 days?
How about if we went to San Diego instead?
Alright what if I shortened the Miami honeymoon. Can you fit something inside our budget?
What if we only went for 5 days?
What do I get for 1808.68 USD?
WHY would you feel the need to tell me flights departing from London? Salvador to Miami, whats your cheapest package?
I am heartbroken
I need to get a pic of Madonna and her pal, they are going to be in Kobe and I want to leave from Queenstown
no just 1
September 6th.
no but I have a budget of 4100
what rate is the hotel
that sounds like a place Madonna would want to go to..... I'll take this one
Thanks
Book me Jerusalem to Salvador, between August 24 and August 27. 12 adults
2800
Do you have anything shorter?
Ok you know what, I'll take the 6 day trip then. Book it, bot
I wanna find a dope vacation package from Ulsan to Rio de Janeiro for under 6500 between August 27th and september 16, my dates are not flexible
yes
6500 is my maximum. if the 13 day package is still within my dates i will look at it
the business class package please
Thanks
Get me out of Berlin and to Campinas. Business class flights only. Get me the best hotel in Campinas
Leave ASAP, return before September 2
Ok what if we take a longer trip and return on September 11
Just get me back before September 11 is all I ask
Praytell
I also want to see if I can go to Stuttgart from Berlin. Again, book the best hotel only
3 stars??? Um no :mask: Ok book two adults to Campinas, returning on September 10.
Its business class right?
I wanna go on a vacation with my wife and 4 kids. our budget is 3300 and we want to travel between september 6th and 21st. We were looking at going to Denver from Dallas.
no, 2 adults and 4 children
Are there any trips to Cancun?
Anything to San Francisco?
are any of the hotels close to a beach or mall?
I think the SF package seems to be the winner. Can you book this one for us
Hi, this is quite urgent, my sister needs me to book a trip for her. She needs to go to Queenstown between september 9-24 leaving from Queenstown. What do you have?
She lives in Fort Lauderdale and needs to go to Queenstown
Her dates are not flexible, she is only available between the dates I gave you
September 9-24. Like I said, they are not flexible
It's not for me, its for my sister, can you please cut me some slack and pay attention? Like I said, it's been a rough week
Not yet, tell me more abut the Emerald Mountain Hotel
How much is it?
Just under budget. ok bye now
Ok I would like to go to Melbourne from Santiago Actually it can be any city
But on one condition: I want to travel for free
My guru told me that I could make anything happen if I dreamed hard enough and focused on making it a reality
So my dream is to travel for free and you will help make it happen
My guru told me that I would encounter haters on my path to enlightenment
It would now appear that you are a hater. What if I paid $400, where can I go from Melbourne
Can you check again. I am sure there has got to be something for me. I have focused on this with all my mental energy for weeks now, guru said it would work...
I want to book a trip from Paris to Ciudad Juarez for at most 4000 for one person
anytime
How much?
anything at a higher end hotel?
Alright, 3.5 stars will do.
yes!
I need to go from Kabul to Toronto, would you happen to have any flights for me?
Okay, I will check expedia then.
I wan to go to Porto alegre from Tokyo
$7000 and no date range
16
sure. Can i get info to Manaus?
no from Tokyo
10 day trip
Any trips from Tokyo to Pittsburgh?
7000
11
cool. okay. thanks. bye
get me from Buenos Aires to the nicest hotel in Punta Cana. And I mean ASAP!!!!
Yes, I just need to get back by Sepetember 12.
Ok, but how good is the hotel. I need business class tickets also.
What about Fukuoka then, can you find me a five star hotel there
I want Buenos Aires to Fukuoka
Preferably, yes. Thats where my superstar self ought to stay, away from the riff raff.
Ratings, amenities, is it near anything cool?
What would it cost if I booked for two adults
BOOK IT.
Hi
Hey how are you?
I want to go visit some relatives in Tampa, but they don't have room to host me so I am looking for a flight and hotel combo package. I would be free to travel between September 6th to 24th
I'm sorry I wrote that too fast, I meant to say that I am leaving FROM Tampa and visiting family in Munich
How much are they? My budget is 3600
Not really, I won't be spending much time there so it doesn't have to be anything fancy. Can you tell me more about the 7 day stay?
Would you have an even cheaper package to offer me if my dates were flexible?
get me the 7 day one
Can you just confirm which one you are booking for me? You seem confused
Yes thank you!
Hi there, I live in Dublin but I've always wanted to see what's good in Goiania. Do you think that if I forked over $1800, you can get me there?
How about Atlanta, can you get me flights there for my budget
Yes please, Atlanta
It doesn't matter, which one is cheaper?
Do customers like the hotel?
This is some risky business...but beggars can't be choosers right? Okay one last thing - can you tell me the departure and return date so that I can update my parole officer?
Lets do it!
I want to book a vacation between the 27th of august and the 16th of september for under 1400
miami
can i see some info on Seattle?
Hi there, I'm coming up on the 10th anniversary with my lady, and I thought I'd treat her and I to something special this year. Boston is where I call home, and I thought it sure would be nice to get out of town for a change
What destinations are on offer from my city?
We can leave any time, though the sooner the better.
You think you can do me a little favour and get us this trip for free? I never forget a favour.
I have about $400 stashed away, is that enough to get me out of here?
Right on! The wifey will be thrilled! This is the price for two adults...correct?
I wanna go to la paz from toluca
im not ready to book anything yet, crazy, i wanna see some options here
i want to see some packages for trips from toluca to la paz
is there anything else
no. lets try from toluca to cordoba
Any trips to santos
i cant book anything. i dont know why i'm here. good bye
Good day. I live in Kabul and I want to take my extended family on a holiday
Fort Lauderdale. Its for me and my 11 brothers and sisters and our 4 kids
But what if I offered you 2800, then what could you do for me? I'm sure for that offer you can make something work
not impressed
hi
looking to leave Rio de Janeiro for a spell
between this thursday and september 2. leaving from rio de janeiro, want to know where i can go
can i get to porto alegre for under 1900?
but can you tell me if the hotel is any good...do the guests like it?
can you confirm which dates this package will be?
do you have a longer trip to porto? that only takes up half my vacation
that sounds decent, which place has the better hotel?
and Manas?
ok, and the dates for salvador are?
ok not to be nitpicky but can you tell me a little more about the amenities at salvador, and whether its near anything exciting?
brilliant! ok sign me up for the santos package please
Well I am currently living permanently in a cubicle on the 8th floor of a building in Puebla but I want to pretend I am somewhere else instead. Fly me to Leon please
Whats the fanciest place I can go to for 3600
How about to beautiful Toronto, can you take me there?
How about Athens?
Monterrey?
Thank you, but I will go use another service that can better satisfy my escapist fantasies
I must go to La Paz from Fort Lauderdale.
anytime but i want to be there for 13 days. i need THE BEST package you can find for 1300 or less
is this a 5 star hotel?
is there a 5 star hotel?
any 5 star hotels in hamburg?
that sounds peasanty. I am a grade A++ writer and i need the very best so its a 5 star hotel or nothing
wel then buh bye
i have 5 days vacation and i want some information on packages starting on or after September 8th from Rome.
okay well i dont need to book anything today, ill come back tomorrow.
melbourne to fukuoka august 24 to august 27
5 grown ups
sure fine flexible actually no i dont wanna go any more
hi i need to get to mexico city
PUNTA CANA come on come on
1300
yes
i want to be there on or after septemeber first
i need free parking as ill be renting a car. But three stars is not going to attract my target demographic. If i throw another thousand dollars on my budget can you find me something better?
oh bullocks
So I live in Long Beach. What do you have for Cairo?
just me and it can be between august 30th and september 17th
yes that would be great
I thought you said it fit my dates, I asked to leave after August 30th..
Not really, is that all you have for cairo?
Yes, next on my list is San Francisco
10 days should be good
I haven't set a budget for myself, I want to see what my options are first
I like the idea of being in the heart of the city. How much is that one?
economy
nice! that's a great deal!
have past guests been satisfied there?
ok, so decent reviews, for the price it would be hard to complain about that. I want to compare this on to packages you have t manaus
yup I don't have to leave exactly the 30th, the dates I gave you were a range
cool, tell me more!
any free wifi?
cool thanks!
Last place is Hamburg, do you have anything there?
I don't mind, is of them in the heart of the city?
That sounds like good hotel, how much is each package?
i prefer economy
Does this hotel have better reviews that the one in Manaus?
Ok, Hamburg was the destination I was leaning towards and Hotel Peter suits my needs 
I'll take a chance there wih the 10 day packag
Get me on a flight to San Antonio, stat! I need to leave on September 1
Kyoto. Get me the best hotel also
I want to keep it under $5500 if possible. But I'm flexible with return date
Yes all by my lonesome
Its gotta be San Antonio man, damn Ok I'll look elsewhere
hello i am the happy father of 3 beautiful little angels and i would like to bring them all on the vacation of a lifetime
and i have to bring my wife too .. so theres taht. calgary! perhaps
Atlanta!
hmm, intriguing ! and quite under budget. Where in the city is it located- near downtown?
oh dear that sounds dreadful. what’ve you got available in porto?
oh dear… nothing at all in porto alegre between august 30 and september 16?
hmm well that’s no good.. ok one other destination I’d like to explore.. anything available in leon?
well, this is rather disappointing we cannot spend our family vacation near the airport. i wont be booking anything today in this case, goodbye
I'm leading a tour group of four adults. We're trying to decide on a destination Can you tell me if I can get to Punta Cana for 3400. leaving from the Beijing
Flexible with the date, just want to keep it within budget.
check out the big brains on you! yes correctomundo
Then I shall ditch my companions for my other friends. Got anything out of Kabul?
WOE IS ME, FOR I HAVE NOT
Seven grownups and 4 tots. We're heading from Cairo down to our ancestral hometown of Belem. Flexible with dates
32400
If they're both under budget, then the 4.5 star one obviously Mama ain't raised no fool
We all about the business
ZION SOUNDS DANK yes lets do it
Killing it! thank
heyyyyy there I just got approved to take my 10 vacation days in the upcoming weeks :smile: im looking to leaving from indianapolis, but I just wanna explore my options for now. so can you let me know what’s available under 1900?
wow! tell me more - what’s the hotel like in curitiba?
With what amenities? what is it close to?
how much is the price? how long is the trip duration?
jeeeez that’s not under 1900 dollars! my budget is 1900.00 USD
just me
nothing at all from indianapolis.. to anywhere?
oh ok! hmm can I hear about the hotel in San Jose?
neat! whats the hotel called?
what would be the hotel in santo domingo? what would it be like?
cool! what’s included in the package? is it on the beach?
ok, i like that. what’s the user review?
ok. and just one more thing - how does cairo’s hotel look?
how long would it be?
ok. thanks well, lets go ahead and book santo domingo. i wanna stay on the beach
thank you :slightly_smiling_face:
Athens to Busan. Aug 30
3500
1
Good morning to you! I'd like to take my family somewhere exotic...I've been coming up with a list of where to go from Punta Cana. Can you check on Mexico City
2900 for 2 adults and 4 children
Look for travel packages to Mexico City first
Can I get the 3.5 star hotel and the business class flight for under my budget?
Book one thats between August 31 and September 8
How much does the second trip cost?
Perfect, book it
Thanks!
You got a San Juan to Rome flight on Sept 2?
We'll be 3 adults. Flexible with return date but want to keep the budget to 7600. Is this possible?
Ok if we leave at a different date, any chance you could land us a better hotel?
Yeah lets do that. Not in a rush
Thank you!
Good morning! I'm an expat writer living in Kobe, Richard O'Brien, ever heard of me?
Well I need that to change, which is why I need to book a trip to somewhere calm where I can finish my novel which will hopefully make me a world renowned author, not like my last book...So yes, to answer your question, I am looking for a trip from Kobe to maybe Munich. I am a real family man and will be travelling with my wife and our son, can't live without those two. 2 adults and 1 child
the sooner we could leave the better, but I don't have specific date constraints. I would like to be away for 7 days though
I'm not sure I can afford a highly rated hotel, our budget is 3600
I really need about 7 days to work.. How about if we went to Hamburg instead?
Oh well, thank you for your help, I understand that our budget is quite limiting I will see if other agencies have cheaper trips we can affoord Cheers!
I know this is an uncommon trip but I gotta take my 2 children to a great and venerable hospital in Sacramento. I got 5400 to spend, can you please please help me. Leaving from Brasilia
Yes
My gosh that sounds perfect I'll take it You have no idea how much this helps us, you're truly an angel
Thank you!
SO! I am travelling with my family for a reunion
We are all leaving from Beijing and need to get to Toluca.
There will be six of us adults travelling and we need to leave between August 24 to August 27.
What can you find me?
Ahh, well maybe that could work… what’s the price for  6 adults?
Oh dear, that’s quite above our 3 thousand dollar budget.
Hey there, I'd like to book a long vacation for myself. I live in Cordoba but thinking of going abroad to Fortaleza
Do you have a 16 day trip between September 2 and 22? I'm willing to spend what it takes, have been doing nothing but work for years now
Ooh that could work! I just want to check out a couple of other destinations, just for comparisons sake Can you look for something under the same parameters but heading to Kyoto?
Alright, can you just quickly look at Queenstown as well
There's nothing for longer?
In that case just book me for the Fortaleza trip then! I think that would work best
Thanks, you too!
hey there I’m located in Madrid and I would like to explore my travel options to visit my family back in Sydney
Yes, 2700 dollars
Nice! When at the dates for that?
I’m only off work between Sept 11-15 Can you find me something within those dates
Good morning! So I just won the lottery and decided to offer myself the trip of a lifetime!!! There are so many places I've always wanted to visit but couldn't afford. I live in San Francisco. Anything good to Sacramento? Oh and I want to fly in business class, I want the whole shebang
That is correct! I'll be free to travel between August 25 and September 13th
Just me, myself and I!
Well that settles that. How about to Cairo?
No unfortuntely. I could go to Montreal instead
thanks!
Do you have anything to Montreal?
Paris?
That's too bad, i'll go looking for my perfect getaway somewhere else then thanks anyways
looking to get out of town quick with the family
you got anything leaving today from goiania and returning next friday give us some destination suggestions
3 adults 2 kids. lets keep it under 12500
wow that's not bad at all but is there something that leaves on August 25 or later? I can be flexible on return date
Yeah lets do that one then
Thank you!
i need to get out of the city its so much hustle and bustle a neon flashy jungle ive just got a real sensory overload honestly
im thinking about leon. id be departing from kobe. ive got a few days off from august 27 until september 9
no, im trying to treat myself
Is that the only thing available between my date range to leon?
Ok. Well, I’ll keep this option in mind. In the meantime, can you tell me what’s available in Belem for the same date range?
Ok, just one hotel option?
Can you tell me more about it?
Nice! That’s what I like If I were to go to Rosario, would I be able to spend longer than 7 days there?
Wow, nice! What dates would I be there?
Hmm that’s no good..Anything within my date range?
That would be perfect! Can you give me some more information about the hotel.
Where is it located? What amenities are included?\
Ok, I’m not sure I want to be in a commercial area like a mall district though.. So, could you tell me what the hotel in Leon would be like?
Nice! Free breakfast? Wifi?
A spa would be wonderful. Are there any other hotels within my date range?
Nice! And the rating?
Ok, lets book it!
PORTLAND TO ATHENS SEPT 11 TO 15 I WANT THESE EXACT DATES PLEASE
UNDER 1800
ME ONLY
NOOOOO
Listen up! im marrying my boo on saturday, and afterwards her and I want to have the best honeymoon 4600 can buy
get us to kyoto will ya?
detroit
anytime after this saturday
wow you know what, that absolutely works. how can i confirm this booking?
Thank you!
You can help me by booking a flight out of Cordoba to Salvador for me and my friend. Leaving ASAP and back before September 8. Oh and I'll need the best hotels you can get
No I'm in Cordoba. I want to go to Salvador
No I have no budget, but I have a parakeet, you want to hear about my parakeet?
Only if its a good hotel
3.5 star, are you serious? Ok screw it, check LA instead
This is hopeless
I need your help, gotta do some serious trip research for the wife S our travel dates are between sepember 1-18. We live in Monterrey. Its for me, my wife and 5 kids. Any other info you need?
1) no, that is the only period of time I can be away from work 2) a few, one is Calgary 3) Our budget is 14000
My wife was thinking of something about a week long so 6 or 8 would work
Not sure yet, my job is to find some options to comapre
Do come with breakfast and any other free bonuses?
Are they well located?
ok, next place I thought of was Sendai
Ya, and that's longer than what we wanted. My wife was really hoping Ulsan would work. Better luck there?
Sure, ya that should be okay
great, that's just under our budget. no breakfast with this one I guess? And how are its reviews?
How about the ones in Calgary, did they have reviews?
Alright, thanks for all your help! I'll share this with my wife and we will get back to you
yo whats good in essen here, want to get out for a bit can you check if there are flights to cancun between august 24 and sept 4
nah i'll just compare prices after
nice, i'm happy that you're giving me all the details upfront
can you do the same thing for a bunch of other cities starting with pittsburgh
cool can you tell me more about Barcelona. same situation
Hmm alright thats a very economical option. ok last potential destination. Philadelphia.  do you have any packages for that?
hm ok after careful consideration book me to pittsburgh please
thanks!
Hi there,
I need to get to Porto with 10 adults. going from Tel Aviv if possible. anytime is good but i need to keep it under 3000
how about leaving from Jerusalem instead
yeah in that case lets try flights going to Madrid then
yes
ok how about tel aviv to madrid?
rats!
sometime in the next century. but for under 5000
sapporo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg are you serious. las vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just me, me myself and i, moi
fine. get me a flight to sacramento.
Hi there, I'd like to take my young'uns somewhere nice I also want to impress my wife with my good taste
Yes I will be traveling with six children and two adults including myself. Can you let me know if 13200 is enough to get us to Fukuoka?
Departing from Cairo
Yes, it would have to be between August 25 and Sept 12
I'd be interested in hearing more about the 16 day if it fits my schedule. What's the hotel like?
Wow that sounds really good. But my wife is very particular so I will need to ask you about a few more destinations. Can you tell me if we can get anything good to Santo Domingo?
Does it have good guest rating?
Okay cool. How about Indianapolis?
Yes but how is the hotel?
Wow thats pretty attractive as well Ok I can't book yet since I need to check in with the Mrs. But I will let you know Thanks
Hey there, sooo I’m in a bit of a bind where I’m getting married next week and have yet to book a honeymoon..
We’ve got a fair bit of money on hand - 4100. Would love to go to Porto Alegre! Our wedding will be in Leon
Any time after the wedding, which is September 3
Ahhh dammit No
Hey! I've got 6 vacation days starting August 27. I want to see what's available from Chicago!
Nope! What can you find me?
Ok, ok. Anything else?
interesting.. What else?
Ok, what if I have a flexible departure date?
Now you're talking. What's available in Seoul?
I like it. Where is the hotel? What's included?
I'd love something on a beach. are any of the hotels in busan on the beach
What is the hotel in Santos like?
Nice, nice. what about in Rio de Janeiro?
Ok. What rating is the Fukuoka hotel
free breakfast?
What are the dates in Busan?
Ok. Well lets book Santos
hello.
im looking to go from portland to toluca what can you do fo rme
lol. im insulted you would even ask just do the little search thing that you do im not worried about the cost so neither should you 
dont care but i have to be back here for September 6
I’m going to need some more information before i tell you that..
no nothing else?
ok whats available in philadelphia
is that it.. 2 star/
kingston to toluca what is available
kingston to philadelphia??
what
Hi there, I’m off between August 25 and September 11. I saved up 4000 for a nice trip. If I flew out from San Francisco, what are your suggestions for where I can go?
Excellent, I’ve always wanted to see Japan. What kind of hotel can I expect?
Yes it is
That sounds really good actually. Lets say I have a date I wanted to bring…would Japan be out of my price range then?
How are the guest ratings for that place?
TRUE. You know what, I’m not sure that I’m ready to ask her to travel with me yet anyway. Just book me for Sugoi
Thanks!
Hi there. I need exact dates for this one, no flexibility
Frankfurt to Punta Cana
Sept 11-15
You got that?
Hi. Well I’m trying to treat myself with a vacatoin. I’m thinking of going to Chicago. Leaving form Seattle
So, could you find me something between September first until the eighth. Just me
I’m not travelling on a budget
Not bad I guess but really not what I’m envisioning for my refreshing getaway. What is there for me in Miami?
Are there any other hotels in Chicago?
No others in Miami either?
Not yet. I just wanna see what is available in Ulsan first
Alright, now that sounds perfect. Lets book it!
Thanks :slightly_smiling_face:
Hi there I have a very important request to make today I need to get from Essen to Porto Alegre on August 28 or some point thereafter. But most importantly I need you to book me the best hotel in Porto
I am a lone wolf
I got 5G, want to stay as long as it will permit
Wow thats not bad. But there’s no 5 star hotel?
Alright
I’m willing to spend up to 6000 if it means I get a 5 star
Thats a letdown. Ok put me up in the Golden Keep hotel then, book it
Thanks!
You got any flights from New York to Naples departing Aug 27 returning Sep 15?
1 adult
yo. im from burlington. want to travel somewhere cool with my bro. between sept 8 and sept 18. you got flights to kingston?
doesn't matter, got a trust fund
what kind of hotel
hm. check out vitoria for me will ya?
i'd rather not. ok lets not do vitoria then. i want to go somewhere with good amenities. hows the ebony manor inn in that regard?
wow thats really not bad
yes proceed
Thank you so much!
can you get me a trip to pittsburgh, from barcelona? between sep 3 and 18
i’m bringing my nephew, so 1 adult 1 child
which one gets us the best hotel?
i want to ask about cancun too you got any trips there?
what about brasilia
how much does that trip cost if we go for 10 days?
wow alright. also gotta ask about san jose
last city i promise
11
is this hotel near anything nice?
ok fine lets do it, business class please
Hi there! So, between September 7 and 27 I would like to see what is available from Curitiba to Mexico City
Hmmm ok . . that sounds decent. Is that the only option?
Sweet! So a day longer and cheaper.. I like that. What are the names of the hotels?
Ok, thank you.
Could you tell me the user reviews on each before I make a final decision?
Nice, nice. Let’s go ahead and book the Tropic
Thanks :slightly_smiling_face:
Hi there. I have been tasked with bringing my big beautiful family on a trip! We need to go between August 30 and September 20. We've got 13100 dollars to spend and are leaving from Dublin. Lets hear whats available in St. Louis!
6 babies and one wife and me
:open_mouth: 5 star! Tell me more!
So, if we went to Santo Domingo.. what is available there?
Sounds lovely as well. What would the price be ?
Great! Cheaper, but we don't need to be cheap really. And could you tell me what would be available in SF?
Yeah, not interested.. would only be in San Francisco to see in-laws anyway so I'll tell the old lady its all booked up except for a couple of dumps. I wanna book the SL 5 star - what is it close to ?
Yes, lets book! :smile: Thanks so much!
hello i need to get from north vancouver to fortaleza. 3600 budget. whats available
can you tell me dates available in fortaleza
one adult
thats fine whats the hotel like
what if i increase my budget ? what can you find me then?
another thousand
hello................
dont care when i leave........... be back sept 9.............waht can i have...
queenstown..
no. whats available in philadelphia
what dates?
ok, well, clearly u didnt listen to the date i said i had to be back by....so... where can i stay in chicago
gross. not interested how many stars would the hotel in philadelphia from august 30 to september 2 be.............
I am not interested
BRASILIA TO KYOTO, SEPT 4. $4000 Budget GOOOO
YA
DATES ARE FINE BUT HOW IS HOTEL. ACTUALLY NO CAN U GET ME TO LEAVE EARLIER
MAN HOW ABOUT 5000. LETS MEET IN THE MIDDLE HERE
OK FINE BUT HOW IS THE HOTEL?
GET ME A BETTER ONE
Oh WHAT? K BOOK THE SEPT 7 TRIP THEN
Two tickets from Toronto to Dublin please!
August 30 or after please, flexible on the return date
Very well, could you try Miami then?
No there are not...time to write up a scathing review of this service.
Hellllo! I am bringing my spouse and infant on a little getaway :+1::skin-tone-4:
We’ve got a 3500 dollar budget and wanna see what is available in Cleveland. We are sick of the sun in Porto
We have vacation days from August 27-September. Septemeber 13, sorry
Ahh hm.. well no, but we would be open to going to Pittsburgh
And for Porto Alegre to Cleveland?
What about in Santos?
Lovely! Ok, what are the hotel names
Ok, I like it. Can we book Globetrotter?
Thanks :slightly_smiling_face:
Belem to Busan. Aug 28 or later. $6200 budget. Nicest hotel you got capisci?
1 person adult
Is that the best hotel in Busan, period?
What about during any travel date
then get me the one with the best user rating
I already told you I can't leave that early. 28th or later
Done done and done
Get me on the next flight to Milan baby. I’m out in Puebla currently
5500, but just to be clear I want the best hotel in town
Yes get me out on the 26th. Is the hotel rated well by guests?
Ok yes that will do
Yes chief
two business class tickets from Birmingham to Montreal ASAP
Ok thats not too bad but I neglected to mention one detail I need to be back before September 5
How good is the hotel?
That is exactly 2.5 stars below what a superstar of my stature deserves. Ok forget Montreal then. Can you get me into the swankiest hotel in Mannheim
Thats more like it. What are the dates?
My expectations for you weren’t that high to begin with but I have to say you’ve exceeded them. Book for two adults please
hi there, wayward daydreamer on the line...so i live and work in madrid, but if i were to go to, say, naples…..could you tell me about it??
well i do, but in theory i would like to know whats out there first
great! hit me with it
nice, nice. number two?
and the third?
Oh! so thats the same hotel, just dfferent dates?
ok, but i meant that both 4 star packages are the same hotel… correct?
ok!
so, i was also wondering about trips to lima whats it look like the options are there?
and how about in Mexico City?
sounds beautiful.. I would LOVE to stay on the beach and have free parking :heart_eyes: well, i didnt come here to book anything today but i appreciate you telling me about whats out there
Thanks, you too
Ok so I need to get from Vitoria to a bunch of possible places between September 2 and 21. budget is strictly 3200. can you first look at paris pls
It just needs to be within that time period
12 days
Its not bad. But I want to see if there's better options elsewhere Can you check, for the same parameters, Punta Cana?
21 if it fits the dates I gave you. Whats the price?
Oh ok I might be able to put up with that. Ok let me ask about one last city: what you got for Curitiba?
Its cool how many options there are for my budget. Ok since the Punta Cana trip is the longest, I'll take that one
Wonderful
Salvador to Recife, Sept 1 for 1, $1000 budget. I want the best hotel in Recife
How many stars does it have
Ok yes that sounds promising. What are the dates you can get me
No I want the better hotel. Actually on that topic. Could I get an even better hotel if I doubled my budget to 2000?
I’m convinced, Book it
I need you to get me to Sendai from Washington, on the 30th of August
The best hotel. I've got $3300
Is that the best one in Sendai at any price point?
Do any of them have higher user reviews than the Kirei?
Ok that sounds like the best choice then. What dates can you get me?
I’d really like to get there earlier if possible.
Yes I think I can make that work. LEts do it
:+1:
hey
im in an empty office, once again. dreaming about alexandria. im south of the border in ciudad juarez. i havent got the ability to take any time off right now unfortunately, but ive got 5 thousand bucks saved up for when i can take time off. so whats available in alexandria for that price?
not bad. but also not amazing 
i could always just take a trip for me i suppose… instead of visiting relatives..
where could i stay if i went to goiania
i could splurge on business class :heart_eyes: so I take it Scarlet Palms resort is the only one you’ve got availabilities at ?
hmm ok, ok. anything impressive in Brasilia?
I love the sounds of that one thanks, its been a pleasure dreaming with you
Have you ever read the book "Vernon's Travels"?
How much would it cost to get two adults and a child from Monterrey to Paris for 14 days?
Totally flexible. But I need to spend less than 4700
If Paris is a no-go, how about Kingston? Or just look into shorter trips for me
Wow that seems decent. Any chance I could book this but for a longer time period?
Ok fair enough, that seems like my best option then
Yes
im just here at the white house
everyones out of town
touring, campaigning
blah blah blah
secret service work was supposed to be thrilling!! i wasnt expecting to just stand around guarding the bathrooms.. making sure the help dont use the first lady's toilet
i wouldnt mind running away from it all to be honest maybe start small.. what could i get to denver for? 
yeah, tahts right. ive got just under 6 grand in savings
no dates
wow, cheap! and i could get away from this for a week and a half how would trips look from here to Montreal? 
Montreal ?
wow, not as expensive as i thought to fly across the country whats the hotel located near? whats the package include?
hm. and the location? whats it look like&gt;
ok. interesting i suppose is that the only hotel available
ok.. so still very affordable. you know, another place ive dreamed of going since i was a small lad is japan. can you look at whats available in Osaka?
can you tell me more about the 4 star hotle. how long would that trip be?
lovely. and what about the 12 day trip?
and is that hotel near anything of note?
thanks!
Hey hey. Got 6 days off starting Sept 8. Flying out from Cleveland. Got any recommendations?
Willing to splurge if its an attractive option!
Yes that would be ideal actually
That sounds really good to me but I would like to weigh my options a little first. Do you have any other destinations to show me?
Lets hear about the trip to Philadelphia
Thats alright but I’m a little disappointed with the hotel. Would Chicago offer a better one?
I was hoping for something similar to the one in Naples. Ok thats fine though. How much would the Naples package cost?
Ok book me for economy and lets call it a day
thank you kindly
im leaving from belo horizonte. send me to dallas
ahh. two
no budget darling. leave asap
2.5 stars isnt going to do sadly. anything better, leaving shortly after?
well, far less options available than your competitors.. strike one. i suppose tijuana would do as a destination
i could leave from london if need be..what would i be looking at then?
how tragic
Can I take my wife and son from Madrid to Santos for 4800??
and Ulsan?
wow
PUebla to Manas for 2 adults please!
how bout puebla to fukuoka
is that a good hotel?
that is not a good hotel...is there a better one?
i guess we’ll have to settle for that... do you offer business class flights at least
ok thats more like it just so i can feel okay about my decision
what amenities at the hotel?
and?
No thats the last straw, we are taking our business elsewhere
Hey I'd like to take my wife and five kids somewhere nice, just wanted to do some research We would be leaving from San Jose, and were looking into some places
Do you have anything between there and Queenstown between Sept 1-16?
How about Punta Cana
Frankfurt
Say, With just 1900 dollars and little more than a dream, could I make it from Seattle to North Vancouver?
but, for even more of a hard-hitting pacific fog/rain/drizzle getaway….. where oh where might he be able to stay in San Juan?
and if I took my little nineteen hundo nest egg flew on over to Miami. what might that look like?
alas Seattle is what i call “home" 
Burlington to Busan. Aug 30 to Sept 10. Got a flight dude?
Not bad, how much it cost?
Can I get business class for less than 5000?
Is the six day package at a better hotel?
Ok then as long as it fits in my dates then I’m ok with the 7 day package
yeah why not
Where can this guy go for 2400??? I live in Mexico City. been dreaming of a trip to Milan
yes
none yet. as in i'm not sure. just tell me about whatever is in your system and i will ponder the possibilities
Really. do you have packages to baltimore then?
i came here to dream, not to get nightmares. i'll give you one last chance mexico city to munich or i hang up
i do not apologize but i will never be using this service again
Hello, so, I need the BEST hotel in Tokyo that 6100 dollars can me. I'm taking off out of Denver, heads up, and leaving August 27th
Or soon after..
7100 dollars.. what then ???
I don't reckon I'll be finding any hidden celebs there.. Thanks anyways I suppose
i am daydreaming late at work and i want to think about maybe possibly perhaps going to phoenix
leaving from porto alegrie. can i get to phoenix for.... 4600?
WOW. perhaps i could go across the ocean on my budget...paris is supposed to be lovely this time of year. whats available from porto to paris?
Just under budget! pretttttty neat. whats Paris got to offer?
nice, nice. can you tell me a litle more about that hotel?
wonderful well I can't book anything right now.. I've gotta get back to work
Hi there, I need to go from Minneapolis to my internship but I don’t have much money to spare. Could I do Detoit for less than 1400?
Yes I do. It needs to be between August 27 and Sept 8
Thats all under my budget?
Thats incredible! The problem is, I want to find a longer stay if possible, even if it means changing city. Can you share the options for Fortaleza?
Yes, please check for Puebla also
Wow! Ok that sounds like the best choice then. Please help book this one for me
Thanks!
hola. I am here in Miami
Me and my terrific partner are imagining a little trippy. That’s 5 adults, 2 children. And we would like to travel between August 27-30
Wherever! BUT 14900 for all of us, total, please!
whaaat ok Dallas it is! Details?
Fantastic! Is it on the beach by chance?
Ah shucks. oh well Lets do it!
Lets splurge for business!
Thank you kindly :smile:
Get me to Milan like I said. I need a flight departing Aug 26 from Kingston

KINGSTON TO MILAN
August 26 HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO REPEAT MYSELF?? 
No You can not
I need to get from Sacramento to Osaka on Sept 1
or shortly thereafter
Then I will take my search elsewhere
I am the happy father of 3 children
And I would like to treat them with a family trip to Berlin!
Kingston
Eight thousand six hundred dollars
Two!
August 30th at the earliest
Heyyy five stars, there we go! Can I hear some more?
Oh, sorry, I should’ve been clear. I meant more information
but you can give me some more info on both packages now :smile: 
Well well well. First place has it beat in the user’s eye by .1 The first package, the hotel isnt near anything interesting?
Well, lets explore options in Paris
Wonderful guest rating! what might be available in St. Louis?
Lots of swanky hotels to choose from! Well, based on length of trip, that one to SL sounds like a great deal. I think I wanna go ahead with booking that
Hello hello :slightly_smiling_face: Looking to take the family somewhere nice next month. HAve 12400 on hand. How much would it cost to take five children and two adults from London to Belem? For around two weeks
Wow that actually sounds really good. But the wife wants me to explore all avenues so can you look into trips to Sao Paulo as well?
Yeah sure lets hear it
Not really to be honest. Ok how about sf
Is there an option for a nicer hotel?
Ok I’ll need to double check with my wife first if you don’t mind Thanks for all your help!
SL to Rome, what hotels you got?
2 people. Departing ASAP.  Back before Sept 14
They just have to be the best
Does the most expensive one also have the highest guest rating?
and return date?
Good, I'm glad you did that. Ok lets just check Miami really quickly. Whats the best hotel you can find me there?
Yea...lets go with Rome instead then. Book it
THANK YOU!
so im following a special someone around the globe... I need to get form Busan to Mexico City
yes 5 thousand
 well how about for 6000
THIS IS WHAT I NEED: TIX FOR 3 ADULTS FROM BERLIN TO SENDAI. LEAVING SEPT 2 OR SOMETIME CLOSE AFTER THAT. CAN I GET THIS DONE FOR &lt;$2400?
WHAT?? HOW ABOUT BERLIN TO FRANKFURT
THAT IS SUPERB PLEASE DO!
Yes yes and yes
:pray:
ok so im following this celeb AGAIn. trying to go to Hamburg now
i want to depart from Tijuana
i wanna leave the last day of august
Yes 4900 dollars
What kind of hotel?
That's it?
Good evening
I think what I need is to travel, but I have no time. I've saved up $3200, would I be able to get out of Valencia and to Busan?
Calgary??
Berlin???
:disappointed: :disappointed: :disappointed: Ok one last try How about Milan
You did what you could, and for that I am grateful...friend
OMG. I AM LATE AT WORK DREAMING ABOUT A TRIP. I LOVE TO DREAM REAL JOHN LENNON FAN HERE SEND ME TO MILAN I GUESS I AM GETTING THE HECK OUT OF BRASILIA
WOW AMAZING. CATHEDRAL. BUSINESS CLASS TOO, HUZZAH! OK NOW TRY VITORIA
GREAT PERKS LONG TRIP GOOD PRICE WONDERFUL BUT WHAT ABOUT BALTIMORE HUH
i.... i am the biggest popstar. IN THE WORLD I wanna take a lowkey trip. somewhere beautifully hot
porto?
i want to leave from athens
the length of stay is less important to me than the rank of the hotel what is the rating
4 stars sounds pretty decent i suppose. what are the dates of departure and return
what do you have available in Cordoba
that's exactly what i need. what are the dates? i need to return september 14
wonderful, book it for two adults
:smile:
I AM PAPARAZZI. Kingston to Toluca. How much
Ok but mind you, I need a nice hotel. The best
Man I dont know. Are there better hotels in Toluca in your database, if I change parameters?
Ok I will need to sleep on this
Want to travel with me and my wife and my young child from Birmingham to Curitiba. 15 days, $4000 to spend. You think you can make it happen?
1
How about Hamburg??
Is this a well-reviewed hotel?
Yikes. Are there no other options as far as hotels?
I guess we’ll have to make do then. Does it have ok amenities?
Ok sold! please enter a booking for us
Three words: Alexandria to Cencun. Please book a trip for us. two adults. Leaving ASAP, returning before Sep 6
How about Paris??
Ok what if we leave from Kingston. could you get us to Paris then?
How's the hotel though?
I'd like to be away from the crowds if possible, so probably the hotel which isnt near anything. Though whats the guest rating?
Wow thats enough of a difference to give us some pause. Yeah at the end of the day
Lets take the one with the higher rating
Can you get us business class flights?
That ain't no thing. Ok get us on that flight pronto!
Thanks
yes hi. dublin to osaka
2
thats insulting. adults
NO
leave whenever. i should be back for September 11
i mean… thats ok i guess. what do you have in berlin
that sounds lovely. book it
hello
i am leaving from osaka
and would like to go to fortaleza. i dont care about the price
not intersted. whats available in tijuana
not interested
Can I get to Pittsburgh from Naples?
YEs it is jsut for me
As long as it takes. Got $4500 to burn
I think so. But can you check out Recife too?
Thats fine by me
Tell me about the 4 star one
Nice. How about Toronto
richard you say. and what if i wanted to go to los angeles
ok i have a confession to make i can’t actually go on any of these trips but thank you for indulging me
will do
helllllo newlywed young lover here looking to skeedaddle off to Sao Paulo for 9 days or so after our reception on august 27 in Athens. two of us have about 2700 dollars left after the wedding so keep that in mind
im interested but can you check availabities for Porto before we book
ok, book Sao Paulo thanks!
miami to mannheim, september 4, under 3200
5 stars? i'll take it. book the 12 day stay please
thank you!
I need to get out of Salvador. I don't know if I can, but I want to. With 3400, can that get me to Houston?
what about to leon
what kind of amenities at the 5 star hotel?
k how about...san juan
Pittsburgh
what about the hotel?
ok cool thanks! just wanted to know even though i can't book
Hi there, I'm looking for a trip for 5 between Tofino and Dallas. It needs to be between Aug 25 and Aug 28.
Yeah 5 adults
Leaving from Tofino
Unlimited budget :slightly_smiling_face:
How about Tofino to Curitiba? This time for 11 adults
Thats the only place, but thanks for letting me know
Hey there!
I am looking to go to Belem between August 27 and September 14. Lets see whats available from Ulsan
Nah not really
Just looking for me right now
What are the hotels like?
Lovely! And the date ranges?
What if I left from Mexico City?
Yes
Yes
Sure, beach side would be nice. And a 4 star rating at least
Doesn't matter, just want to travel within my date range
Lovely! Can you tell me what is available in Indianapolis as well?
Yes please :smile:
Sure, We could do that
Great :smile: I don't care too much about the length of the stay, I just want the hotel to be as nice as possible
Hmm ok, well what about from Ulsan to Indianapolis?
Ok well lets go back to Belem from Ulsan
I like the Hotel Triumph
Would it be available for my 6 colleagues as well?
Just book the Triumph for one adult please!
Yes, business class is preferred thanks!
Hey there, I can't book a trip right now because my life sucks, but I was hoping you could look up a few trips in case that changes for me
I live in Portland, and have 3500 to spend on this hypothetical trip. Are there flights to Porto Alegre?
Wow thats exciting. Do you mind looking up a flight to Baltimore as well?
Wow is this hotel near anything cool?
Ok nice I didn't know our airport serviced so many destinations
Does it also happen to have flights to Cordoba?
Thanks for your help in any case, but I got to go away now
Hellooooo. I’m looking to get out of Valencia and check out Hiroshima
Please let me know what is available between August 27 and September 14
No
Whats close to the hotel?
OkWhat do you have available in Ciudad Juarez?
Same date range
Anything on the beach?
Anything on the beach or somewhat luxuiours in Fortaleza, leaving from Valencia?
What are the hotels like?
And on the beach?
Well what do you have available in Fort Lauderdale??
Ah, not interested in a 2 star. Can you tell me more about the 4.5 star in Hiroshima
What is the hotel like?
Ah, ok. Well lets go ahead and book Hiroshima
Thanks
Hi there, do you have any flights out of Tofino?
Thats a bummer
Hi there, I'm a father of 2 little ones and I'd like to take my kids to visit Portland. We'll be departing from Kobe
Thats correct
No budget
ASAP!
Try to get me back before Sept 11 if you can
We can also make Kobe to Fukuoka work if you got that?
Damn alright Thanks anyway
Hi there, I'm trying to buy a nice anniversary surprise for my lovely parents.
I saved up 2400, but I don't know what flights I can get Can you help me?
It will just be my two parents Something between August 29 to September 14, as long as possible
New York
Which one leads to the longest trip?
Wow that is phenomenal, please book it for us!
Thanks, you too!
I'm not having a good day so I'm going to keep this short
Get me a 6 day vacation out of Phoenix starting this Saturday I don't care how much it costs, just get me something good
Is that 6 days?
My coworker went to Monterrey and she told me it wasn't that great. I'll go if I have to but you got anything else?
I heard Fortaleza is overrun with hipsters. Got anything in Europe? I have very refined tastes you know
Fine I suppose I'll go to Monterrey
Uh huh
Ok I'm turning 20 soon Daddy promised that I would get to take me and 7 friends wherever I wanted. Get me from Sydney to Miami
Mind you we only fly business class
And stay at the best hotels
Next week but I can wait if it means you get me a five star hotel
Thats disgusting. How do I turn up at a 3.5 star hotel?
Ok look up Mannheim then
you got me any 5 star hotels in the city? You know, SL.
Business class??
SL sounds good to us
:+1:
Hey there, so I've got a little bit of a dilemma on my hands..
I've been rewarded with a company trip for me and some coworkers but the destination is a subject of conflict. Our parameters include the travel window being from August 30 until September 18
And we are looking at Osaka first of all. That would be for 6 adults, all leaving from Burlington
Those both sound very suitable. What would be the dates of travel for the Majesty Hotel
That sounds quite ideal. Just to appease some other difficult colleagues, what would be available in Mexico City for the same date range?
Lets search that for ... 2 adults
Yes, please. The longer the better. What is the hotel like?
Well, same dates for both.. ok.. I like both honestly. I guess lets see which package is cheaper. How much is the Majesty package in Osaka
That's great, thank you. Ok, so there are a lot of folks on my team I think...
Would both of these packages be available for 13 adults?
I guess we should go with Mexico City as it is noticeably more affordable
Can you book that for me?
Thank you so much :smile: Can't wait!
hello. seeking travel from mannheim to portland
my children will be travelling with me as well 2 of my lawyers
so 3 adults. 12 kids total
dates are irrelevant, please just tell me whats available
You can help me by looking for some trips, so that I can escape my problems if only for a short while. I need to get out of Nagoya for a bit
You got flights to Leon?
I'd like to stay there for 10 days, and I'd like to take my wife and son
Not picky with dates, but I hope soon!
5400
Calgary also works
Unfortunately not...I'm not exactly in good financial standing here Can you think of something here...I really need a trip
Those were the only two in mind. You got any other ideas?
These are all under my budget?
Its rather curious that I can get to Sydney but not Calgary But I suppose thats not your fault In any case, can you give me more details?
Correct
Let me just ask about Munich also
0/10 guest rating???
That is rather frightening Ok I'll ask my wife if Sydney is a suitable destination and get back to you 
but thanks for all your help, I feel much better now
i am looking to explore some options for an upcoming internship. i have a week off from sept 2-9 to see where i’d like to spend my next 6 months
i have a 5800 budget and im leaving from la paz
can you tell me whats available in Ulsan
I am leaving sept 2 and returning the 9 or within that time frame
that sounds lovely. what about in nagoya?
ok fine. how about in indianapolis?
no
fine. i guess lets book the 5 star is ulsan
Get me on a business class flight to Washington please. Coming in hot from SL
Unlimited, duh!
Yes ma'am
ASAP but I'm not picky!
Ok what if I leave from a different city than SL It could be any city
Fine. What about...if I went to Milan instead
I can get to Montreal, but can I get business class seats?
Yes please! I'm meeting my bestie and I'd like to have a five star hotel in Milan
Ok lets do it...4 star isn't great but that way the paparazzi won't suspect I'm there either!
i need a 5 star getaway in toronto from beijing immediately
i need to be back august 25
Indianapolis then
2
hello. im getting married september 2 in Kobe and need to book a honeymoon after that
looking at going to Kingston for a week
5000 dollars max please
tell me more
whats it like
and is the price for business flights
wonderful thanks, I’ll get back to you
let me get from Detoit to Kobe
Just me but I only got 900
Saturday or shortly after. Otherwise dates are flexible
I need to get to Kobe, but can you try it for me leaving from Athens isntead?
San Juan???
Am I out of luck?
:disappointed:
Hi, have you got any trips out of Jerusalem? I don’t have a destination to focus on yet I just want to ensure that you can find me trips leaving Jerusalem
No not right now. Just search flights from Jerusalem
Ok. Check Jerusalem August 25 departure
No, thanks anyway
Hey there! I'm looking to surprise the family with a little vacay Leaving London from Sept 6, trying to be back around the 24th.
Can you tell me whats available for Belem?
2 adults 2 kids
I would be interested in whatever I can afford with 6800!
Wow that sounds fantastic :smile: Is breakfast and wifi free?
Sounds like a wonderful package, I'm quite impressed! What is available in Kobe?
What quality are the hotels?
What is the hotel near? What amenities are included?
What is it close to....
Ok, well, so far I'm more impressed with Belem. But just before we book can you check out Berlin for me?
Well ok. That's fine. The Belem package sounds lovely anyways.
Thank you
By chance, can I take my family from Recife to Rome? Thats me, my wife, and my son
We have $4700 to spend and ideally want to go for 12 days
Anytime that fits within the budget
I'm afraid not
If there's nothing fitting our budget, then try Los Angeles?
hi I’m in urgent need of a flight home!
i’ve been informed of a family emergency and I’m stuck overseas in Tel Aviv. I need to get home to Boston ASAP
Oh no.. well I can get to Calgary for cheap.. what if I leave from there?
Got an internship with the UN, but they're such cheapskates they can't pay for my flights! I only have 3300
but I can choose from a number of their offices
oh yeah and the dates I need are between August 28 and September 11
Leaving from Rome. can I get to detroit
I like most things about this but I was hoping for a longer stay What if i went to the Belem office instead?
I can also work in Santiago, is there something to be had there?
The Belem option might make the most sense then
Ok yeah do it
Thanks! :slightly_smiling_face:
Burlington to Denver please
1
Burlington to Fortaleza
Burlington to Leon
Burlington to Vancouver
Ridiculous
I just got a tip that Madonna might be going to Burlington
I'd be leaving from Kobe
Mind you I want you to book me the nicest hotel in Burlington
4700
On or after Sept 6
Do you have nicer hotels in Burlington?
Is the one you offered also the hotel with the best user rating?
How much would that cost?
Would be it be possible to leave earlier for this hotel?
Ok thats possible. Whats the price there?
Whew ok
business please
:slightly_smiling_face:
hello my little pet. i have a little angel to see to in phoenix and i may leave from anywhere
i must travel between september seventh and seventeenth and with 1100 dollars at the most. i will depart from St. Louis i suppose
oh no! what about to atlanta?
yes
Hello - looking to go to Sao Paulo and I’m leaving from Tofino
4 adults. August 26 until 29
Price is flexible
Fine. Let’s change the start date to August 20
and the end date to September 5
hello i need to get to curitiba. im going to need to stay at the most luxurious facility that you have
and im leaving from santos
on or after august 30th
any of them under 1700 dollars?
hm, 3.5 stars is the best you've got?
even with a 2700 dollar budget
is it just the one hotel?
can you give me details on the 3.5 star
That does sound somewhat luxurious. ok i guess we should book it
book it thanks
Hello there!
I’m in charge of booking a work trip. leaving from Beijing around August 25
and we are looking at possibly going to Jersusalem
Try for 10 for now
Ok.. how about 3 people, same date same departures, but to Las Vegas instead
Oh dear, Any other city? Literally anywhere
Ok, thanks anyway
My boss gave me 8 days off! Get me out of Kingston on Sept 6, or shortly after
Not really!! I make good $$
You tell me!! Open to suggestions!
Thats hard to turn down!! Would you happen to have an Asian destination for me?
I've never been!
Ooh lets hear about what you have in Germany
5 star with 0/10 guest rating? Forget that! Ok since you offer flights to the US, would you be able to get me to SL?
San Juan might be nice...Whats the hotel like there?
Worth considering. Could you get me to Porto??
Recife is cool. Could I get a hotel near some attractions?

Ok thats all I need to know, I want that one!
Indeed
Thank you
I WANT TO GO TO CANCUN FROM TEL AVIV AUGUST 25 UNTIL AUGUST 28 9 PPL ALL ADULTS NO BUDGET
NOT GOOD
I just got an intership and I need to check out my possibilities Puebla to Minneapolis and I have a 4300 budget to travel between Septemeber second until september eighteenth
Disappointing.. But yes, look at Rome
What about in Atlanta?
This is HORRIBLE
Hello
I’m looking to check out san fran and I currently live in Rome I have a couple weeks from Sept 5-22 off to check out Sanf
but only 2800 USD to spend
I’m sorry, had a little brain blip .. I live in Vitoria
Awesome!! Are either of them under 2800?
What are the hotel details?
Is there anything from Vitoria to Cancun?
And is it located in the heart of the city with good amenities?
My final option is Guadalajara
ok, and what’re the amenities there like?
Hmm ok. And you said I could fly business class to San Francisco..
How much would that be:
Ok, but thats a 2 star. I think I will go to Cancun instead please
how much for business?
Well that is ok. Book Cancun please!
Yes thank you :smile:
Hi do you have packages for 8 adults from Tel Aviv to Vitoria?
No, I don't
August 26, And return August 29
What about Tel Aviv to Goiania
I wanted to take my children - there are seven - and my beautiful wife on a vacation somewhere
We would be traveling from Fukuoka, and have 13700 to spend
Do you have flights to Santo Domingo?
Shucks. How about Belem?
What! Ok how about Los Angeles...surely you have that
FAT CHANCE
3 adults 2 kids, leaving from burlington, destination tbd
1800
what other destinations do you have? we've already been to Calgary so we would prefer somewhere new
What if I upped the budget to 2000?
Denver sounds nice! Could you tell me more about the package?
Ok can you buck us between Sept 13 and 17?
What about 13 to 26?
thats a shame i'll need to confer and get back to you then
i need a trip under the radar from mannheim to fukuoka
i need to be back here for august 30th
no
no. two adults
what do you have available in Buenos Aires.. anything of a higher rating?
What if I leave from Osaka instead of Mannheim?
fine, the Kobe package then
Kabul to Kingston, 11 adults
Do you do flights out of KAbul?
Hello! I am going to Kabul!
Bringing many children - fourteen in total! We leave Tofino
5 Adults we are and the children
I have already told you 5 adults and 14 kids
Get me and a friend onto a flight to Porto!
Jerusalem
You and your system are TRASH. Get me to Santo Domingo then
No apology not accepted. You will get me my trip or die trying
Vitoria to Porto Alegre then
Thats more like it. I need to be back before Sept 10
Say it ain't so. Ok what if I went from Vitoria to Santo Domingo
Usually I wouldn't want to be caught dead in a 3.5 star hotel, but I'm short on time here. Get us on that trip, business class
Hellllo ! I am taking a trip with my neighbour and her children
We are going to see if we can find a cheap packages somewhere under 12400 dollars. There will be 3 adults and 7 children travelling and for now we just want to see what is available out of Montreal
Between September 6 and 24
Fabulous, that is all 10 of us? Not too pricey at all!
And are there any other places beneath our budget?
Wow, sweet! What would the hotel be like in Minneapolis/
That’s a nice 3.9 guest rating at least! How about Sao Paulo?
Not bad not bad. And in Kobe?
Ok, well, lets go ahead and book Kobe
Thank you
Hi there. I need to go from Beijing to Montreal from Sept 12-16
1800 max
Hi there, I was wondering if you could do me a huge favour today
Where can I go from Salvador for free
What!! Ok how about $400 Can I get anywhere on that budget
No way! What kind of hotel should I expect in Rio de Janeiro?
Do you have anything for a shorter stay? I only have 5 days off
What if I left from Monterrey instead?
Hello! I've been put in charge of booking a little work retreat As a reward for our recent success!
I just wanna go from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem August 25 to 28 Whatcha got
Ok check Mannheim
For 13
You think you're done with me or something???
I want to go on a trip
And I want to leave from Tel Aviv
Hi there, do you do flights out of Belo Horizonte?
I need to go to Cleveland though
Oh nice, can you do a 10 day trip between September 6 to 21?
Would like to inquire about trips to Long Beach also
9 please
Is the hotel any good?
Book me for Business class please
but before you do
can you confirm the dates?
what are dates?
yes, sounds right to me
:+1:
Please find me a package for 22 adults from Kabul to Tofino
No
25 of august
how about 6 people
8 from Kabul to Recife
8 people from Kabul to anywhere on god’s green earth then
I have investment meetings in Sao Paulo, the dates are flexible, but I need to get there asap
I dunno
no dates just me i think
I don't see why not. What's the package like?
Oh, from Fukuoka? or Tokyo?
Sure, I thought I was leaving from Tokyo, Fukuoka would probably be ok too though
Ok. Well let's book it from Tokyo in that case
Nonoppe! Just book
Nope!
hey buddy. i wanna maybe go to ciudad juarez
get a little crazy out of the cold lol
leaving from toronto ok????
ummmm nah
mmmm ill tell u later lol ok
hey, that’s a sweet deal! can you book it for 2 adults?
Done, booked! Thanks!
Hi hi hi
I am going to try to bring my kids to see their mother in Jerusalem. I would like you to assist me in this booking
I have no idea where I am leaving from or when or how much money I have
Just send me to Jerusalem with 5 kids
Well what if we go to nearby Cancun
Wow quite expensive isn’t it
Let’s book it I guess
Thanks!
need to get out of town asap. like this saturday
get me to sacramento
vitoria
I got 2700 to spend
Ok well do you have anything departing near that date?
Lock it down
Portland to St. Petersburg please. Under 3300 please
Sept 13-17
Stuttgart to SL
August 30 until September 12
Doesn't matter Whats the hotel
no
I would of course enjoy the 5 star more
How much would the economy package do?
I'd rather just go for the business class Can we book the Business class trip
Hello there. I’m trying to get to to Sapporo
from Paris
3300
25 August
what about for 4300
Hi! My wife told me to look up some possible vacations
We live in Dublin. Going to Sacramento
2 adults, 1 child
2100
Yes, we'd like to have our vacation be sometime in the first two weeks of September
Ok that sounds appealing aside from the 2 star hotel. Don't think Martha will be okay with a 2 star hotel
Our next city of interest is Hamburg
Oh dear. Please check Punta Cana
Would different results appear if I increased our budget by $1000?
My wife is going to make me sleep on the couch for this.
Heya
I want to leave from San Antonio and keep the price under three thousand two hundred
Sao Paulo… as earlier stated
Can I leave from Curitiba instead
OK, whats the hotel like
And the price? I want to travel for less than 3200 dollars
Wow that’s just too cheap to pass up on. Book the 11 days please, business
EXCUSE ME
I WANT TO LEAVE FROM JERUSALEM. ROME I WANT TO GO WITH A DOZEN PEOPLE
WELL WHAT IF I LEAVE FORM JERUSALEM ON AUGUST TWENTY FIFTH
WELL I WILL GO TO BIRMINGHAM THEN. I WILL STILL LEAVE FROM JERUSALEM BUT I WILL ONLY BRING 2 OTHER ADULTS SO THATS 3 ADULST IN TOTAL GOT IT?
YES THAT IS  WEHN I AM GOING TO LEAVE
YOU ARE BAD I HATE YOU
I wanna go to Cairo
No I dont
I live there actually
I wanna go to Cleveland
I wanna go on 9/11
Well what if I give it a flexible date
:angry:
Can you get me out of Tofino???
Kochi please
3200 dawg, please hurry I want to leave today if I can
What about Houston??
Hello there. I would be intersted in travelling from Cordoba to Tokyo and I’m hoping you could help me with that
20200. 4 adults 2 kids
Spa and free wifi sounds nice. I would be interested in the 9 day trip What are the flight details
I want to know the flight details please
What time would we leave from Cordoba??
Ok, I think that’ll work
um so i am getting married in calgary next week congrats to me and am trying to maybe book a honeymoon to Hiroshima with my hubby for hmmm some time after september 8 cause thats when we're hitchin
Yea! youre so spot on lol i love it on we're leaving from calgary ok, Calgary Canada
ok, well, worse case scenario we had kingston in our back pocket so perhaps you could find us a little love shack there
We could also leave after september 8 though just so you know that
wow thats just above our budget but tempting.. are there any higher rated hotels available in kingston though??
I love it. ebony manor
sounds great!
what's the guest rating?
terrific, lets book :smile: thanks
Goiania to Marseille, I need a flight for 14 adults for 2300 total. This is very important, do you understand?
Evidently the importance of my request is lost on you. Fair enough, find me one ticket for Kyoto then,
Budget at 7500
Good
I would
book me from COLORADO to athens
0.0042 million USD
1 mega-stud. i.e. me
anytime between now and the end of the universe
0 guest rating, you think i want to get murdered or something? get me to stuttgart instead
Thats more acceptable, let's do it
Hi there hello
I need to schmooze a few fellas who are high stake investors with my company. So we're gonna take em a little business trip to Vancouver
Leaving from Sydney
They're big spenders so the budget is of no consequence
I can't leave until September 6th. but the return date is flexible
5 adults in total
And what are the ratings on those hotel?
Tell me  a little more about the Obsidian Gem Inn please
Could you tell me whats free in Pittsburgh?
Ah - well that won't do. So before be go ahead and book Vancouver at the Obsidian Gem I would first like to take a look at La Paz
Ah that sounds lovely, and might be a nicer change of scenery than staying domestic. Is the hotel located near anything of note?
What might be the price if we flew Business class?
Alright, charge it to the company card Thanks a bunch!
hi there i want 2 search on a trip 2 go………..
i live in  sydney and i am going 2 bring my grandkids on a special vacation…..can we go to curitiba……...
my 3 grandchildren….
3100 dollars...
what if we go to maceio…………………..
u are breaking this old womans heart………….. can we go 2 vancouver...
Working long hours in Mexico City. Can you look for trips to Kobe
Would I theoretically be able to go to Vancouver?
For the sake of discussion, lets say 13
Terrific
Amenities?
Draw up a Ciudad Juarez trip while you're at it
Yes
12
ok tell me about the 3.5 star hotel
Ok cool Like I told you I can't book
HOUSTON TO PUNTA CANA
NO
YES
August 28
GO TO PUEBLA INSTEAD
GO TO ULSAN
get me and my 7 bros out of houston ok? 10300 to spend
what can we find in puebla
no i want to puebla
how about houston to sacramento
unreal
i have got some time off work for the first time in freakin YEARS and i need a vacation. screw the budget i wanna go to nagoya from september 8 until the 29
phoenix
what about to vancouver?
cool not bad. ahh before i book that little getaway whats in tampa
i need to get away from a little longer than that one. so lets book vancouver please and thanks
.hi.........i need a trip..
2 go.
.....i live in detroit by the creek...
detroit is where i live. and my 4 grandkids will come with me............
yes.....ok...can we go 2 chicago 3500 dollars....
.....se.....september first is wen
o no.ok... I want to go to ulsan
...this is no fun...........vancouver, please
thank u...........good bye.......
Hello. I've received an offer of temporary employment from a global ad agency. I am currently trying to determine which office to work in
Which is entirely predicated on the selection of travel packages that you can offer me
My point of departure is Barcelona "Look at flights to Manas please.
It must be between Aug 31 and Sep 16
It must also be less than 1900"
How disappointing. Proceed to look at flights to Paris
10 days
I'm not done looking yet. I also want to know about your offerings to San Jose
Which 11 days?
I would like to know more about the amenities please.
I don't believe that either are amenities.
What about the hotel in Paris?
What are the dates for Paris?
I've already told you this, please refer to above
Book me that one I guess
yes for one person
9 tickets 2 leon pls
6 of them are
punta cana
25 thousand
excellent. book it
thanks
san antonio i live in. i go to anywehere
i spend 4 thousand dollars plus more 300 dollars
until september of ninth but not before i will leave for 3 in september as well too please
6 is math answer
no. i go for 3 of spetmebr
i will be BACK HOME for 6
i wil lbe back for 9 i mean. Leaving 3
yes thank u where i go
price ?
thank you
if you knew who you were talking to you would be shamed of addressing me with such a generic title…...but im trying to book a trip on the low so i won’t ruin your day with that information.
I want to go to Salvador and leave form Buenos Aires. Find me the best thing money can buy
i need a higher ranking
find me something in Chicago then
get me from mexicoh city to birmingham
How much would it cost to get to Guadalajara from Sydney
No dates in mind
Just me
Oh no, not the Lunar
Ok  look into Kyoto for me
That sounds more like it
3 star...fool me once...
Would I be better off looking in Vancouver then?
Do the hotels have a prestigious name to it?
Western...I like that
What are the costs?
Alright Good bye
Going to Buenos Aires. Getting out of Montreal for my bday
No budget, don’t care about the date cause my bday is every day
5 stars minimum
Fine we’ll go to Chicago
Fortaleza
5 stars
Hey! I'm looking to book a trip to Naples
San Francisco
Maximum $5200 for 18 days
It doesn't really matter
I would just to like to stay there for 18 days.
With my wife and son
Can you try Santo Domingo?
Is Columbus the second closest city?
It's okay that's fine. I will try something else! Thanks!
No worries! Bye!
hey there
I’m looking for a package to Leon
Pittsburgh. I need a luxurious package.
1 adult i will leave sept first
and stay as long as I can for 3200
I’m intersted in hearing more.
What else would be available there? I just wanna make sure I’m booking the best place...
Hmmmm I certainly hope its not booked up by the party who I’m tracking... I’ll just chance it and go with the Palms anyway. I’m sure 5 stars in Leon will find me some face of note
Lets do business - maybe I’ll luck out sitting next to Madonna on the plane
Thanks :slightly_smiling_face:
Hi
I just need to dream a bit... I have 4500 dollars but no vacation days. I'm wondering what a hypothetical trip to Manaus would be like
I'm in Tijuana, not departing any time soon unfortunately though
Just me
That's fine, what about Curitiba/
As of now I'm be satisfied with a tent and a backpack. What are the hotel details?
Sounds quite nice, what about the guest rating?
Impressive indeed
Sounds like a great package. What about in Kyoto? I would like to hear about the options there as well
That sounds like a stimulating trip. Could you remind me how long the stay in Curitiba would be?
What is the rating of the Kyoto hotel?
And the guest rating?
Neato! Well if I had the time off available I would definitely book Curitiba
I've got a group of 5 and we're looking to go to Fortaleza leaving this weekend, Sep 3 maybe
all adults
Oops sorry totally forgot to tell you! Santos
What about Toronto? My budget is 18400
Can you also let me know some other options for Toronto so I can compare?
I'll go with the first one!
Thanks so much! Bye!
Barcelona to anywhere for 0 dollars
400 bucks then
don’t care nope, whenever
But before I rush into it, would there be any other trips in my budget?
I think I’d prefer Rome. lets book it
Tel Aviv - San Francisco please
dates are flexible, doesn't matter when
just one adult
what if I leave from Maceio
3200
What is in the hotel's vicinity
lets book it
thanks
hi i want 2 bring my wife and kid 2 boston from philadelphia for 1600 from august 30 until september 14
1 kid
what about for 2600
not really
11 days would be amazing
Is the 5 day package also at a 2 star hotel?
what would be available in Phoenix same parameters
no. philadelphia is our departure point
Can you check out Montreal for me?
Ok, is the 6 day package hotel located near a park?
but just in case, I'm gonna run over it with my family/. I'll let you know later, thanks!
you can help me find a trip. from miami
to tijuana
between august thirtieth until september third
one adult
how much is business
what are the dates? and details
that one is 1389 dollars?
what is the hotel rating
ok well I will think think about it
Hi, I need be at Athens for a few days between Aug 27 and Sep 12. Do you know how much it will be?
Sendai
The maximum I can spend is 4900
Yup
Is this the only option you have?
Can you also check options for Chicago then? Same criteria
Is that flying business?
Lastly, can you help me check for Vancouver?
And that's the only option for Vancouver?
I would prefer cheaper options
Nice! Did you also have a cheaper option for Chicago other than the one you already sent me?
No worries, I will take the Vancouver one that's $2866.11!
Thanks!
got a big family trip coming up tomorrow that I havent booked yet - ha! we have 13800 to bring our 5 kids somewhere. need to be back by september 17 for work
we live in St. Petersburg and want to check out Munich
2 adults. and of course the 5 youngsters
five stars, yes! I like it! what are the deets?
price?
St. Louis
you’re giving me life here today! what would the hotel be like?
Awesome!!!!! what is that hotel called
what is available in Burlington?
hmm I can’t possibly pass on two 5 star offers. what is the price for the Lunar package?
very reasonable indeed
lots left over for another vacay perhaps! is the hotel located near the beach or anything like that?
ah well, I’m sure it’ll be more than suitable. i think ill go ahead with that booking
thanks bud!
Get me to Fukuoka
Toronto. I can only spend $4100 and travel between Aug 31 and Sep 7
nope, with my assistant
What about Mexico City?
Do you know if it is close to parks?
Is the Fukuoka one close to a park?
Okay, I want to book the economy one for Mexico City.
i want to go somewhere
idk. i will leave from calgary
i can travel between september 1 and september 20. 3700 dollar budget
done, book
I need to get to Porto Alegre. from Lima
I need to return by September 10
but I will leave as soon as possible
and I'm bringing a friend, I'll be paying for her
what have you got available in Puebla
I can return on the 11th instead. does that yield anything better?
well the Porto 4 star will have to do
yes, do that
thanks
I’m planning a family vacation for my half dozen little rug rats and wife! We’ve got fifteen grand put aside for this trip so spare no expense finding us a great stay! Tijuana is where we live, and we have been talking about going to San Diego.
2 adults 6 kids
ohh uh I should’ve told you that we are only free to travel from Sept 5-12.. my bad!
That would work with our schedule.. what is the hotel like?
What’s available in Ulsan?
Really? Not even for 16000?
Ah, ok. Well last place we wanna check is Buenos Aires
Can we afford both on our budget? I think I’d like to hear about the hotel details first
Great! Amenities ?
Sounds terrific! What is the price comparison for economy flights compared to business class?
hmm ok, well I think economy class would be better for us. More money to spend on activities
What are the dates?
Ok, let’s book it!
Thanks :smile:
Hey, I need to take two of my clients for a few days on a business trip. We have to leave Aug 29
We'll be leaving from St. Petersburg. Can you check for trips to Osaka first?
yes
Can you check whether you have Aug 29 for Brasilia then?
Do you have a shorter option? It's only a business trip and I might not want to spend 12 days with my clients
Can you also check check Athens for me?
What kind of hotel is it?
and that's the only option?
okay back to Brasilia. Do you have something closer to 5 days?
You know what, the 9 days leaving Aug 29 sounds better. business?
Awesome! Please book it
Thank you!
im leaving kingston need to go to rosario
no. but i must return by sept 11
1 other adult
fine
guest rating?
any 5 stars in sao paulo?
leaving from Santos?
book rosario for 2 adults
NYC to St. Louis
2200
no
sept 9
i need to travel between sept 9 and 15
what about on august 31st
what hotel?
ok lets book
Hey! I need to get out of Jerusalem by Sep 2 for a while. Any options for Queenstown?
What if I leave from Marseille?
I need to leave by Sep 2 though, is that possible?
I need to stay at least for a week
Alrighty then, what are the 6 day trip options?
Can you check for trips to Hamburg from Jerusalem then?
Sorry I was asking for trips to Hamburg from Jerusalem
What about Hamburg from Marseille then?
Forgot to tell you though, my budget is 1700
Just myself. Are there longer packages that would be below my budget?
Just $148.11? Okay let's book it!
thanks!
I need to travel to Phili. on september 11, from recife
after september 11 but before september 26 ok
under 3400 dollars
what dates
14 days sounds better
great i like it! book it please
I'm looking to take 5 friends to Leon.
I am leaving from Leon and going to Tijuana. Yes, adults...
...No
Whenever the best package is available
Not interested. What's available in San Diego?
Montreal, find me something better.
Good enough. Book it.
HI
I NEED TO CHECK MONTREAL FOR MEWTWO!!
I AM IN MEXICO CITY 
I AM IN MEXICO CITY
3 ADULTS
I CAN LEAVE AFTER MONDAY SEPTEMBER 12
NO
YEAH!!!!!!!!'
I NEED TO CHECK OUT PARIS AS WELL THOUGH OK??
YEA!!!!
I WILL SPEND 10 THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS
HOW LONG ARE THOSE STAYS
MORE INFO ON THE PALACE
YEAH!! SOUNDS PERFECT!! ALRIGHT!!!!!!!!!
Hi, can you help me book a trip with my assistant? We are only free between Aug 30 and Sep 7
Let's see what you have for Ulsan
Toronto
Just two adults
Would you know if it's close to a park?
Nice! Forgot to mention my budget is 3300. How much will this trip cost?
There are no cheaper options in Ulsan?
How about Buenos Aires?
Athens?
I don't think this trip will work out for us then
No worries, thanks!
psssstttttt
I have 3500 dollars and a helping hand to lend. I must try to go to Athens
Lets try Naples
I can travel between the second and twentieth of September
Yes and I will bring my many dogs :dog:
What is the hotel like? What is it nearby?
Can you tell me what is available in Nagoya?
Ok, not bad.. Lastly can you check Kyoto Please
If I leave my departure city open can you find me anything? I would like to stay near a park.
But I need to go to Athens
Nagoya?
What about Kyoto???
I need your help to book my family a trip from Kabul to Seoul. What's the cheapest you've got?
Any options for airports nearby?
No I don't think we can leave from anywhere else
No it's alright! thanks though!
Hey! Yes! The 5 of us are looking to go somewhere from Sep 13 to Sep 22
We're in Miami. And we want to maybe go to Philly
How much will the total cost?
That could work... I've got a little bit left on my budget, are there better hotel options?
how much would business flights cost?
Could you check the same dates for Long Beach?
Is that the only option for Long Baech?
In this case I think Philadelphia is better
What about the Long Baech hotel?
What would the flight time be?
And the flight to Philadelphia?
can you book the business flights please?
Thanks!
Hello there I am looking for a travel package departing from Tofino on or after August 29. I would like to go to Calgary with a party of fourteen adults.
I can leave from Kabul if need be
nah I can’t do that. What about Washington with 7 adults?
Sure
ahhhh hey bud. I need to get the heck outta tel aviv ASAP
can ya get me to London for, say, 2900? and TODAY please
ahhh I can leave from Sacramento
send my parents somewhere for 1800 from Burlington
Sept 2-19
that's awesome! is that the longest trip you have available?
It'll be way easier to sell them on the 4 star. Can I book that first package for them
Thanks!
Hey there :slightly_smiling_face: I’m bringing my wife (2 adults) and 4 kids (6 people in total) on vacation for 8900 dollars
Maybe Athens?
Santos
Ahhh ok check Alexandria
One last thing I wanted to check on was Houston packages. What’ve you got there?
Ok, well I guess we’ll have to go with Alexandria
Sure, let’s do it
Great, thank you
So my friend and I want to go to Hamburg
Brasilia. We can leave anytime but we hope to get back by Sep 6
Nope
Are there better options if we go to Los Angeles?
What if we leave from Puebla?
Any other options?
I guess I'll go with Brasilia
thanks!
I need to get away from Sendai between Sept 6-17. 3 adults, 6 kids
Anywhere
25300 $$
Sounds lovely. What ammenities are included? And how much does that cost.
Have I got any other options available?
Can you list the other possible detinations?
Breakfast included?
Lets book Punta Cana
Thanks!
Hello there!
I am not sure yet, I have a few options which I am looking to explore
I need to see to a disobedient little Sharpei in Long Beach I would be available to travel from the first of September until the 18th
No, I have no set departure city. I am often travelling.
That could work yes, is it under 4800 dollars?
Is the hotel near a park?
Can you look into Pittsburgh for me
Destination
Where is this hotel situated?
I mean what is nearby the hotel
Book me please
Thank you :dog:
hey so i need 2 get my parents out of town. where can u ship em between septemeber 2 and 13th for 3500 dollars?
leaving from montreal 
yes correct
ah no
how is that possible
Hi there! Got anything from Kabul to Tel Aviv?
Show me the cheapest you've got
Nothing from Kabul to Tel Aviv??
That sucks. I'll look somewhere else
I need to book a company vacation from August 29th until September first
Ahhhh lets see, in total there are 22 of us. Leaving Tel Aviv and going to Buenos Aires
Set, we have to be back at work
Check out Washington
Is anywhere available…?
Hi, I want to take my kid to Maceio. Will you be able to help me with this trip?
Sorry forgot to tell you! We're in Paris.
So myself and my child
Nothing specific in mind. Can you show me a few options to help me decide?
We don't have a preference. We just want to go for a few days... maybe a week
We could also leave from Sao Paulo
Sorry my bad. I meant we can also go to Sao Paulo instead of Maceio.
We could actually do with economy flights
That works! Can you book it for me?
Awesome thanks!
i am in santiago and need a trip under 4200 dollars
oh i need to travel from sept 8 until 13
could be good - what are the details of the hotel
what is the price?
its perfect! i would like to book it
ok thank u
Soooo I’m wondering can I bring my wife and 3 kids to Kingston for 2800 dollars?
Correct yes, and we will leave from Recife.
Ahhh ok, maybe try Phoenix. If perhaps the problem is my budget, lets just up it by another thousand dollars.
Yes, we have a wide stretch of possible vacation days from September 13th until October 3rd
Well what about in Goiania.?
Hi there.. I need to get out of town. I've got writer's block being stuck in the house..
Brasilia perhaps. My spouse and child will travel with me.. so three of us in total.
Also, my budget is tight.. I haven't had a good year and can spend about 4000 but would like to stay for 9 days. Leaving from Mexico City
That sounds quite ideal.. what would the cost be?
Two adults, one child. I thought I made it clear before that there would be three of us.
I absolutely would not leave my family behind... a little ridiculous for you to suggest that.. However, I would consider going to Paris
Not if we travel for 8 days either?
Ah jeez, still out of my price range though. Well thanks but no good.
What hotels do you have in Vancouver?
Santos
Well, I kind of want to see what hotels you have first. My budget can change a bit based on the options
Just myself
For sure I want the best you've got
Okay that hotel sounds good! Sorry I forgot to tell you my dates: I can leave Friday September 2nd or later. Are those prices for a week?
Can I spend a bit more to stay longer?
I'll take it!
Perfect, thanks!
I'm looking for a trip between September 1 and 11
Leaving from St. Petersburg Destination Punta Cana!
Just 1 adult
Not exactly. I want to compare a few different options.
my dates aren't too flexible unfortunately, but I have a few other destinations in mind, Can you check for Kobe?
What are the main difference between the two hotels?
Can you help me check for options in Miami?
How many days is this package?
Lastly can you help me check for Valencia?
Can you tell me a bit more about these hotels?
What will be the travel dates for these two packages?
Can you let me know the costs for the two Kobe packages?
And the Valencia prices you gave me earlier are also based on economy flights?
I will go with the Stardust Hotel in Valencia. Can you confirm the booking?
Amazing! Thanks for the help!
Hey looking for a sweet deal on a family vacation
Paris is one possibility
Valencia
Yes 3400 dollars
2 kids and 2 adults
august 30 or after
Is it in the shopping district - the hotel
What would be available in Seattle - anything for our budget?
Fine. Sao Paulo? Anything?
What if budget increases by 1000?
Nothing in Seattle either with budget increase?
Fine ok well lets just book Paris
Thanks
so I have 6 days vacation and I must leave from Punta Cana
Yes perhaps, can I hear the details?
how many stars?
hm ok, well can I hear my other options
and what amenities are included
wow, great! ok what else?
is breakfast included?
what is the price for that one?
ok
I think I want to go with San Juan
Business
yes please
thank u
I need to get to Porto and leave Santo Domingo
:unamused: no
2 adults
I can leave whatever but return by september 19
do you haev a 5 star in santo domingo tho
I mean in Punta Cana do you have 5 stars
Porto then
yes
Cleveland to Fukuoka
2
yes
whats its rating
where else can I stay with a higher rating
fine, check buenos aires
yeah, sure! whats it like
but fine, book it
Hey there
I’m looking to schmooze a couple clients from Lima, got the company card so no budget involved. However I can’t leave until September 12 at the earliest. So there’ll be 3 adults total travelling. Looking at Rosario perhaps
Ahh ok. I wouldn’t mind leaving a little earlier
What have you got in Cleveland?
In Philadelphia?
2 stars won’t do. The Rosario package seems the only reasonable option. Lets book it- business class
Thanks
you can send me to Manaus pronto
Curitiba
well I don't know anything about the hotel aquamarine so......
needs a higher rating
also bad. What else
yeah fine. look in Denver for me. 5 stars please
possibly.. does it have a spa?
Hi, do you have flights out of Tel Aviv?
Nope, I wish! I will be dragging 4 other adults with me. No set dates specifically..
Darn it, okay I can also leave from Beijing
That is very unfortunate. Thanks for your help though!
Hi! I need a vacation. Not sure where I wanna go… but I’ve got 8 days off starting August 30th
Goiania
Nah
Lets hear about the Puebla package
What about Nework? What are the package details?
What can you offer in Cancun?
Ok, not bad. Before I proceed with a booking can you also check out Los Angeles for me?
Could you remind me of the Puebla price?
I would like to book the business class trip to Puebla!
Thanks :smile:
Can you help me book a trip to Mexico City? We'll be 4 adults and 6 kids from Long Baech.
Our dates are flexible.
I would prefer the longer packages, but my budget total is 8300.
If I increase my budget to $9800, would there be much better options?
Are there any other options or is this it?
I would definitely prefer the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites.
Yes please!
Super! Thanks!
Hey hey hi! I've got a 10 day vacation break earned and can take it any time after the second of September So, I'd like to explore my options departing from Rio de Janeiro
Ah, this is a Solo trip
Ah wonderful, but where is it?
Where else are there packages available?
What is the price? Does the hotel have any included amenities?
Well ok.. what else is there for me in terms of destinations?
awesome!! What does the hotel have to offer?
And the rating?
Not too shabby at all.
So far that's got my eye above the others. Before I book it, are there any other trips available in my parameters that have a 4.5 or 5 star hotel?
Well I mean I'm not rolling in dough but I'm splurging here
Amenities? Dates?
What are the dates for the Brasilia trip?
Can I get anything a little closer to September 2? I'm anxious to go now!
Not bad! Near the beach?
I'm impressed! Breakfast included?
Alright, you've sold me! What's the damage? I wanna book
Done. Thanks for your assistance !
Hi, I'm looking for a vacation package to Chicago from Brasilia.
It'll be just myself.
Yes, I hope to travel between August 29 and September 9.
Of those 3 options, I would prefer 11 days
Any other hotel options
Can you check if there are other hotel options for September 1 - 20?
What are the departure and return dates for this one?
The dates seem to work.. How much is this one?
And the he Sierra Inn & Suites? Does it have the same amenities?
In this case I'll actually go back to the 11 day package. Can I still book that one?
Economy is fine!
Amazing!
I need a booking for 6 adults from Milan to Punta Cana
No, I’ve got a trust fund
Doesn’t matter
I’m gonna need stronger ratings. Try Puebla instead. 
Not bad! Is it located near nightlife?
Can you tell me anything about the location..?
What’ve you got available in Dublin?
Don’t bother giving me information on anything under 4 stars from now on! I guess puebla is the only suitable option you can give me ?
Fine. Book that
Fam vacation services please
Portland please. 2 children and one adult
Leaving Baltimore
I can go instead to Leon
Very nice
I would like to hear more
And know the price
What would be the price for economy flight
Much better
Ok, book
Thanks
stuck in Beijing, but I need the first flight back to Las Vegas alright?
fine I can hope over to Ulsan and take off outta there
whatcha got?
yea yea sure wherever
so long as its under 2300 bucks
yea so I've heard... send me to Paris then
Hey! I need to book a flight asap. I can leave tomorrow or any day after
Kingston. Leaving from Dublin
Exactly
Will there be earlier flights if I leave from Mexico City?
Okay, what about from  Dublin to San Diego, are there earlier flights?
Anything for Mexico City to San Diego by any chance?
Well then, I will go directly from Dublin to Kingston then! How much will it cost?
My preference would be the Golden Excalibur Hotel for $577.72USD.
Absolutely! Thank you!
Jerusalem to Belem 2 adults 4000 dollar budget. Leave on September third
Fine. Leaving from Sapporo
Well I’ll up it to 5200. I’ll leave one person behind
And I’ll go to Busan instead
Ok, that’s fine
Book it
ok bud I'm sure you've never dealt with this kinda thing in ur line of work but I've got a bit of a bad rap here on the streets of Burlington so I've gotta lay low for a little while... I've got 1700 dollars to burn.  can ya get me to Long Beach by the first of next month
what about San Juan to Long Beach. any sooner
well, what if I go to Baltimore? I can lay low there for a while...
YES! PERFECT! how much?
alrighty you got my business, pal book it stat'
thanks bucko
HELLO
I HAVE 32,700 DOLLARS TO BLOW ON A TRIP JUST WON BIG CHASING THE ACE. OK SO I AM BRINGING A BUTT LOAD OF MY FRIENDS AND MY 4 KIDS ON A TRIP OK
WE WANNA GO BETWEEN SEPTEMBER 8 AND 22ND …. LEAVING FROM CORDOBA
SEVEN
WHAT IS THE BEST HOTEL
BEACH AND SHOPPIN!!!!
WOW GREAT!! I WANT IT
BOOK PLEASE
THANK U
5 adults to Cordoba from Goiania, no budget, just luxury
Try Cleveland
No. Naples
Tell me more about it..
Located in the heart of the city?
I'll look elsewhere
ok so i am free to travel from september 13 until the 23.  can you tell me my options for Sao Paulo leaving from Sapporo please
yes
no
ok
i’ll keep it in mind
what do you have available in manaus
no higher rated hotel?
what do you have in Fort Lauderdale
what in Kyoto?
how many?
what are the differences between them
I would like to stay in the heart of the city, can I book that one
thank Uu!!
Hi there! My wife and I have 5 lovely children.
We are free to travel between August 31 and September 18.
We have a few destinations in mind, first one is Sacramento.
Oh, and we're located in Sendai.
Well, I have a budget of 9700. Which would fit in my budget zone?
How about Rio de Janeiro?
My dates are not exactly flexible.
However, I have a third destination in mind.
Maybe I'll have better luck with Vancouver?
Okay fine let's make the dates flexible and see if we can find something.
Nothing for Rio de Janeiro either?
Would you see if there's anything cheaper for Sacramento if the dates are made flexible?
That's unfortunate! I think I will have a discussion with my wife again. We might need to change our preferred destinations. I will contact you again once we reach a decision. Regardless, thanks for your help!
Hi. I am looking to visit friends Queenstown, leaving from Belo Horizonte. The total will be 6 adults and 5 children
No, we can go whenever is suitable for our budget: 37600 dollars
Very nice. What does the hotel include?
And is it located near any landmarks?
Ok. Are there other options?
Ok! Breakfast included?
What is the price difference between Silver Palace and Illustrious Pool
ok, how much for Illustrious Pool if we fly business class?
Great, lets take that package
Thanks!
Hi I've got investors to meet with in Nagoya sometime in the near future. I can leave from anywhere
Whenever
no
Business. Where are the hotels located? I'd like to be in the heart of the city.
That could work I guess, what is the price?
Cool, book it please
:smile:
Hello. me and my grand child would like to go on a a trip.
I won 3300 on the slots and would like to go to Kobe
I'm available from September 12 to the 26th
phoenix.
I can go to Burlington, I suppose.
This hotel... Does it have amenities?
When does my airplane take off to take me to Burlington?
This is terrible. I cannot leave at 3 am!
Goodbye, you can't offer me a good trip!
Hi there, I want to take my two grandchildren for a little holiday. We are living in Phili and they finish their camp on September 11 so we can leave anytime afterwards.
We have to be back by September 22 so they can go to school on the 23.
You are right!
Mexico City would be ideal.
That's no issue, I'd spend anything for a good time with my grandkids!
What about Vancouver?
And it leaves on the 11?
Would you by any chance have any trips to Denver too?
Definitely the park. 6 day trip would be nice
Do you know the guest ratings of these two hotels?
And for the Vancouver one?
Thanks for looking! I think I will still prefer the Vancouver package. Can you book it for us with business seats?
thankyou
Looking for a trip out of SL for 3 adults 7 kids
24,600
After the 8th of September
Sounds lovely. What is the hotel name?
OK I guess we'll book this one. Thanks
Thanks
Hi I need to check out trips available to Houston from Athens. 5 adults and business class flights please, leaving after September 6th
Whats the hotel like?
If nothing else in Houston, check out Dallas.
La Paz, last chance
Sounds better! What are the details?
How much for the business class flight package? And how long would our stay be?
Great. Let’s book that.
Thanks!
Hey, I need to get on the next flight to Sao Paulo.  I'm in Portland.
Correct.
What about Mannheim to Sao Paulo then?
Are there earlier ones if I fly from Portland to Denver?
What about Mannheim to Denver?
Okay I guess the September 2 one is my only option! How much is that one?
Please book it for me.
Hi , looking for a business class package to Philadelphia, leaving Ciudad Juarez, after August 31st
6 adults in total travelling
Nope, but can't leave until after August 31st
Is anything nicer available in Philadelphia?
Can you find something nicer in Baltimore?
How about  in San Francisco?
So the best you can offer is the 3 star in Baltimore?
Ok, that'll do. Book that one please
Hey, looking to surprise my baby mama in Tofino by bringing my 2 kids for a visit.
Fukuoka.
Hmm ok, well we can travel to San Diego and go from there.
no, Fukuoka to San Diego
Where would we be staying?
How many stars?
Book it please
Thanks!
so i need to get from Milan to Ulsan. sept 6 to 11
i dont know, how well rated is this hotel?
hm sell me on it a bit more. what amenities do they offer
But I'll have to pay for breakfast?
but how much would i stand to pay
can you confirm the dates for me?
and thats the longest trip you can get me, based on the range of dates i gave you?
how about if i were to leave on august 30th instead could you still book me there but for longer?
How could I say no to the Sapphire?? What's the longest stay you can arrange for me?
Put me down for that, please and thank you!
How much more does business class cost?
don't mind if i do...business class. book it...
heyo
need to get to mexico city. currently stationed in dublin
ideally around sept 8 or shortly after
i’ve got 5000, so as long as that can last us. oh yeah we’ll be two adults
just tell me how far i can go on 5 grand ok?
would i be able to opt for a higher end hotel if i didn't stay as long
Nice, I’d prefer that…how long would that trip be?
Done deal. Lets book it.
Thank you!
Hi there, I'm in Fukuoka now and I need to get to Pittsburgh asap.
Maximum 4000, but the lower the better.
On or after September 13.
Yup!
That's the only hotel you've got in Pittsburgh?
Alright it looks good to me! I'll take the economy package.
Great! Thanks!
Good morning! Can you help me out with booking my next vacation?
Well, I have a few places in mind, would you mind checking them for me one by one?
I'm based in Valencia.
Nothing set in mind yet. Can you provide a few options in different ranges if possible and I can try to make up my mind?
Not planning on it.
Oh, this is quite important. I got Tuesday, August 30, 2016 to Saturday, September 10, 2016 approved by my boss, so the date is definitely not flexible.
I've been having Mannheim on my mind. Can you check that for me?
Do you have longer packages at this hotel?
Okay that's fair. Lastly, can you check Fortaleza for me?
Okay you know what... my favorite is the business package to Mannheim. Can we go back to that?
Yes that'd be awesome if you can book it for me!
Super!
you do flights from North Vancouver to Washington?
I will indeed.
I’d want to get there on August 29 or right after
i have a modest and polite request for you to send me from sapporo to punta cana
I would like to depart from Sapporo and arrive at Punta Cana. Between August 29 and Sept 1
This is a short trip for 13 adults
And we have 3200 to spare between us
I am unfortunately not.
Did I stutter???
What if I upped it to 3500 instead?
Hey there, I’m a student looking to stretch 2700 to get myself a trip to an internship, hoping you can help me out here. I would be departing from Alexandria
Can you see if I can get to Manas between Aug 30 and Sept 15 on this budget?
No!!! How about Alexandria to Athens?
Say it ain’t so! How about Alexandria to Mannheim?
Well I’ll be damned, that’s a deal and a half! Can I get there on 2700?
Great, I’ll take it!
Will do. Thanks
Well you start by booking me from Belem to Rome. My dates are flexible.
Yes, if you don't count my legions of groupies and stalkers.
I only prefer that you put me in the poshest hotel in town.
4 star? you're doing me dirty here, but sure, fine. which one is best rated by its guests?
But what amenities?
No spa?
Alright whatever I guess. Short on time here: I'll take it
Is that some kind of sick joke? NO, of course not! First class if you have it, if not then business
What dates would this be for?
That will do. Book it already!!!
Hi, I could use some help planning a low-budget honeymoon.
Ideally Calgary. We can leave from St. Petersburg anytime after Tuesday Aug 30
1200 max
Exactly!
Wow that's a good deal! Do you have anything leaving earlier though?
That's better! How much is that one?
And that's the economy package?
This one is perfect then!
Yes please!
Nice, thanks!
hi
i’m feeling under the weather lately, really struggling actually i got time off between now and sept 19 so that i can regroup thinking i might do a little trip to clear my mind, asia sounds nice about now. do you do flights from alexandria to fukuoka?
All I have left in this life is my burgeoning bank account :disappointed: So no budget, just get me something I’ll like
Yes the longest possible
Ok keep that on hold but can you also check Busan
Correct.
ok no lets book for Fukuoka then, i want the longest possible trip under my dates
Great, was a blast booking with you.
back for another crazy trip here
Get me from Denver to Maceio
valencia to munich. sept 8 to 26
no budget, i'm gonna go hard
just me
ooh can you tell me more about each one?
hm im a little sketched out by the unrated factor.can you take a look at milan for me?
as long as possible!!
Could you get a longer trip at one of the 5 star Munich hotels?
fair enough. what guest rating does that Roman hotel have?
ok im convinced, but what are the dates?
sounds good to me
please do
thanks!
Hi, I need to get to Sendai for a business meeting.
I can leave from SL.
I'm hoping that 1700 will do.
I'll be going alone.
Anytime!
What if I go to Puebla?
That's not bad! Is that the only option for Puebla?
I see.. I think I still prefer the first one for Puebla.
That'd be nice.
Thanks!
you do flights from north vancouver to c-bus?
it would, yes
sept 16 to 20. 1 person, but needs to be under 3300
If thats my best option, then sure
I’m ok with that
:+1:
Where can I go from Fort Lauderdale...for free?
How about if I get $400 somehow, what then?
Punta Cana!! Would the hotel be decent?
Get me the unrated hotel
Perfect, lets confirm it
Thanks!
Hello! I'm booking for a honeymoon right after our wedding in Monterrey.
We can leave any day after September 6.
Ideally Ulsan for 5 days.
4400 tops... spent too much on the wedding already :disappointed:
Nothing?? That's unfortunate. I guess we can also settle for Rome.
Oh man.. that really sucks.
Do you do any flights out of Kabul? I work for an exciting startup based there...
to Cordoba?
No this would be for 11 adults
Kabul to…Cleveland??
Kabul to…anywhere?????
Toronto to Denver got it?
3300, 1 person, ASAP!
as soon as humanly possible
How much would it cost?
Wow couldn't I spend a little more? Not to flaunt my wealth or anything but I'd like to stay at a nice hotel if I can...
A thing like that! Just in the interest of being thorough, can you also look up Toronto to Puebla?
Ok lets keep it in Denver then
Thanks!
Hi, I need some help comparing a few different trips. Can you help me with that?
I'm based in Calgary. I will also be traveling with my assistant.
We have a strict budget of 2400. Could you help me find some options within my budget for Punta Cana?
Alright fine. How about Rosario?
Wow that sucks! Okay... Frankfurt is my last hope then.
Just remembered.. we could also leave from Toronto if that helps.
Okay.. I don't have any more options... I'll have to rethink my travel plans.
Kabul to Marseille!!!!!
Can you get me from Indianapolis to St. Louis? I need to leave as soon as possible, something horrible has happened back home… :(:(:(
How about Boston to SL?
Boston to Chicago??
That sounds decent. How is the hotel?
I don’t think I have any other options here, and I’m short on time…please book it!
Thanks!
hi
i want to take my grandchildren to Tijuana. On Friday
I live in Atlanta. There are six of us with myself included
I am!
That is marvellous news! I have 3800 saved up, will that last us the entire trip?
Oh dear What if I wanted to take the young'uns to Denver instead?
Rats. I could take the kids to Los Angeles
Oh thank goodness! I had been getting so very worried. Can you please book this for us? Thank you 
Hey! So me and my girlfriends are in the search for a perfect spring break trip!
There'll be the 4 of us!
We're all studying in Frankfurt.
Campinas is one of our top choices. It'll be AWESOME to go there!
We're willing to spend 8300 for our dream spring break :slightly_smiling_face:
Our spring break is from Aug 30 to Sep 14.
Darn it. I guess we can also go to Essen if that works better.
Are those the only two options?
Okay.. can you tell me a little bit more about these two options? How are their locations?
Alrighty then, the 3 star hotel sounds good to us! We'll take the business package since it's within our budget
Can you process the booking?
Yay!
I’m finally taking a break this year, and I’d like to go to Punta Cana!
I would be flying out from Curitiba
Between September 6 and 9 please
yes 1
My budget is 2300, would that be enough?
Great, book it
thanks!
I'm planning a 5 day vacation, but I haven't given too much thoughts to it. Can you give me some suggestions fit for my budget? I hope to spend 4600 max.
I live in Tampa.
Yes.
My dates are quite flexible.
I haven't done much thinking into it.. can you present a few options and maybe I can choose one?
Awesome! Are the 5 day packages all within my budget?
Fantastic. Can you tell me a bit more about the hotel options in each city?
Okay we can scratch the 3 star one in Santos off the list. Can you tell me a bit more about the 3 hotels that are left?
Madrid is definitely the most appealing to me!
That'd be great!
Cool... If business flights are within my budget, then why not :slightly_smiling_face:
That's awesome, thanks!
 get me to puebla 
from st. petersburg
I've got 1900. but only traveling by myself
Flexible on dates!
Interesting. I'm having a hard time deciding between that and Kyoto
But can you even get me to Kyoto?
What if I left from san jose instead?
Wow ok! How much would that cost?
Ok then book me for 7-14 please
Could I fit that under budget?
I'll play it safe and do economy, but thanks for the offer!
perfect, thanks!
hiya
my wife and i have wanted to take our boy somewhere new for a long time now
we've saved up 3700 and have a break between sept 8 to 22. thinking of going to kochi, from sao paulo
Sao Paulo to...Frankfurt?
What if I increased the budget by 1000?
That is rough. How about...Sao Paulo to Athens?
This is devastating news. Ok just for the sake of information
Can you tell me a little more about that trip?
Whats the name of this hotel?
Ok cool
Mexico to Ulsan, pronto
There will be but one
Aug 31 to Sept 17
Nothing? Ok what about Puebla to Punta Cana
Mexico City?
One last try…Puebla to Kingston?
Hey, I can use your help researching for a short vacation.
No idea! I've only got 4 days.. gotta make the most out of it! Was hoping that you can help me out with choosing a place to go.
Santo Domingo
No budget in mind yet.
I can leave on or after September 1
Cool, these sound interesting! Could you provide more information on these 3 destinations?
How are the guest ratings and amenities of these hotels?
Okay I'm interested in knowing more about the higher rated hotels in Rosario and Maceio. Can you tell me more about the activities around these two options?
Alright, Maceio is the winner here!
What would be the price difference here?
I wouldn't mind paying a bit more for business.
Thank you!
Please find a flight from Beijing to Kochi for me. Sept 16 to 20
Do you do New York to Jerusalem?
so, hello there..
I need a getaway to do some writing looking to leave seattle
what can you give me in burlington for 2 adults and one kid
doesn’t matter, just looking to spend around 9 days
that’s the thing… I only made about 1200 on my last book
ah, yeah sure.. first can you see if it would buy 9 days in Phoenix?
oh dear.. ok well just see if there’s anything in Burlington for a lower date range
you know what, frig it.. yeah lets do it
well is this the only package within this price range?
in that case, just book it,, I’m just happy to get away and clear my head
great. thank you!
Hey! I have to book a trip for a group of people from Beijing to Toluca.
14 of us
Right
I was hoping to spend maybe 2700.
We can go any day between Aug 29 and Sep 1
If I increase my budget by 200, would that change anything?
What if I make my dates completely flexible?
I don't think this trip is going to work then..
Hey hey :slightly_smiling_face:
So, me and the 5 little ones wanna go to see their mother who works in Washington
Kingston
nope - we can go whenever!
we can go to Phoenix and borrow my sister’s mini van - we’ll make a little road trip out of it!
9 would be better to give us extra driving time
What is the guest rating?
not bad. amenities?
alright, Let’s book it !
Hi! I want to go to Sendai! Can you help me get there?
I can leave from Queenstown.
If you can find something under 4100, that'll be awesome!
You bet!
My dates are flexible
Cool! I have a hard time choosing between the two...
Can you tell me a bit more about them?
Okay I see...I was also thinking about Ciudad Juarez.
Can you tell me a bit more about the Ciudad Juarez options?
Okay I see, how much is the 8.86/10 one?
And can you also check for me how much is the 8.8/10 Sendai hotel?
Any shorter packages or are these the only two?
Okay then, of all options my favorite would me the Sep 7 trip to Sendai . What can I do to confirm this trip?
I wouldn't kind flying business for this trip!
Cool beans!
Yo! I've rounded the crew up and we want to do something huge
We have 7 adults. Leaving from Phoenix
We all got September 6 to 26 blocked off
What would a trip to Kingston look like?
We have 27100 between the 7 of us. Whats the longest trip you can find?
I'm sure we can do better! Can we go to Hamburg then?
Sure, or that
tell us more about the 4 star
Thats not bad. Wait could you find a better hotel in Kingston tho?
Would that cost more or less than the 10 days at the Traveller?
Wow lets go with that then, the difference in pricing is astronomical
Hello
Could you book me a flight from Belem to Punta Cana?
2 adults
No date of departure for this trip, but I would prefer earlier if possible
That should work. I actually don’t for this trip. But can you keep it to something reasonable, like under 6100?
is it near the airport?
Thats fine, lets just go with that
Thanks!
Can you get me to Philadelphia please. Leaving from Goiania
It doesn’t matter when I leave, only that I return before September 15. Oh and do look into the nicest hotels please, no budget over here
I’m traveling with a friend. Santos then
Could you get us to Philadelphia if we left from Mannheim?
then forget it. what are the dates you can get us for Santos?
And when would we return?
lets take the latter then
This is for two adults, corrrect?
ya
tyty
I need you to book me a trip to San Antonio please
I'm actually flexible on departure city, so just tell me whatever is cheapest. However, I do need to stay at least 4 days.
My budget is 2700 by the way
Oh I forgot. What I do is difficult, dangerous, and requires me to be near a park.
Then I will take it!
I should hope so. Vancouver to Berlin
5 star hotel, business class, the works
AFter sept 3
That would not be my preference
That is impressive. Which one do you think is more impressive?
Tell me more about Sanctuary. What is it near?
amenities?
and the price is for 6 adults?
ok multiply that by 6 and we'll have a deal
Yes please
Hey. I need to get from Goiania to Hamburg
Budget isn't an issue, can you just give me the best options?
I just want the best
There's no option for business class flights?
Hmmm. What else?
I can also go to Rio de Janeiro. What are the best packages?
Okay, to be honest I'd still prefer the business flight to Hamburg.
That was easy! thanks
I've got 2000 to get 6 adults and 9 children from Portland to Hamburg
Preposterous. 3500 then
Ok do it. Wait, no.
That is six times more than we can pay
I run a restaurant, not a ponzi scheme. I cannot afford your tickets, good bye
hello.
i am a humble father of three, and i wish to take my lovely children to see their mother
can you get us to porto alegre. from sendai
i'll spend whatever is left after alimony. that cruel siren
but no i will not have a budget for this trip
whenever
4 stars, i want to rub my newfound wealth in her face. whats the longest i can stay there?
What amenities are there there?
Ok you sold me. Whats the cost?
Lets book that
They say that I’m a dreamer, but i’m not the only one. and today i am dreaming of a trip out of monterrey
can you tell me if i can get to curitiba, if i had 2800 to my name?
what kind of hotel is it?
Is the 3.5 star hotel near anything cool?
oh me oh my. what could you find me in belem
please go on. what amenities could i get on the beach?
if there was a heaven on earth, that could be it! please, tell me if you also have trips to punta cana
thats fine, which one has the highest guest rating?
I need to be in Cleveland at some point between September 6 to 16. Burlington being the point of departure
Can you do this for 2100?
yes, book me for the longer of the two please
since the prices are so reasonable, lets get me on the business class
thank you
Hey, I really need to get out of Tofino for a while. Any chance to leave on Aug 29?
Stuttgart would be a cool place to go.
I've only got 3100 actually.
Right on.
Any chance if I leave from Busan instead?
Uh.. okay. I guess I can settle for Dallas. Still leaving from Tofino though.
Alright I'm gonna give it a last shot. What about Dallas from Busan?
looking to go on a short jaunt out of town the town in question being sacramento
let me know what my options are if i wanted to leave today, and have 4 days free
Interested. However. Do you have other destinations?
whoa thats snazzy. what kind of hotel?
which is the better rated by guests?
interesting. do you have any other options out of sacramento?
I'm not sure, how bout look for something that costs more than $2000
is that a better rating than the previous hotel you found in c-bus?
What are the dates and price?
what are the amenities at the crown jungle inn?
ok cool
thanks!
Hi there, I'm on a tight budget to go somewhere. Can you help me find something that works?
I only have 2000 bucks to spend.
I'm based on Sydney.
Could you check Puebla first? I can be there any days between Aug 31 and Sep 14.
Yeah
My second option is Mexico City.
Cool! Any other hotels in Mexico City you can offer me?
Okay, I actually have a third option. Can you check that for me? My third and last option is Sacramento.
Any other options?
Then let's go back tho the first one you gave me. Can I book that one?
Great. Thanks a million!
Hi there. I’d like to book a trip for 10 adults from August 29 to Sept 1, from Tofino to Vancouver
Dates are not flexible, but check for flights to Nagoya
do you have flights from tofino to anywhere?
punta cana to mexico city
2
did you process my requests. i would also like to book between sept 9 and 26
How about Cairo to Mexico City?
Punta Cana to Porto Alegre?
I am giving you one last time to you your job. you better tread carefully here, my friend,
Cairo to Porto Alegre or I will raise hell
London to Burlington. Sept 12 to 25
For one
Got anything?
don't have one!!
What are the dates for the Celestial?
Would you be able to get me a longer stay at the other hotel?
How much does the Celestial cost then
book it!
Hi there!
Recife would be nice.
Sorry, we'll actually be leaving from Recife. Going to Hamburg if possible.
Not specifically.
Between 8/31 and 9/15 ideally
I'm actually booking for two of my colleagues.
Correct!
Cool, we could be interested in the 4 star hotel. What is it close to?
That sounds pretty sweet. Before we decide on anything, can you check Naples for me too?
Is this one also in the heart of the city?
I think it's safer to go with the Hamburg option then!
So I need to go far far away from my home of Paris Can you see about flights to Phoenix? 
Sometime between aug 30 and sep 12
Thats fine and all but I fear that instagram posts from a 2.5 star hotel won’t impress anyone. What can you get me in Kobe?
That is badass. I must also ask about new york
Manas?
how long can you book me at the ivory for
and cost?
what amenities do i get
thats it? is the hotel at least near anything
only if you tell me if its near any attractions
ok. book anyway
hi. I'm looking to go to St. Petersburg from leon
can you do this for 3100?
Whats the best hotel you got? I'm flexible aside from the budget
incredible. how much does 12 cost
beach
thats all i needed to know
yes
thank youQ
sept 12 to 22. toluca to naples
i'll be alone
slightly. but there's nothing for the dates I gave?
then try sep 8 to 23
Hello 
I live in Lima. where can i go for 2600
oh i only have 6 days
tell me more! where would i be staying?
Thats okay, but I feel like I can do better. have any other suggestions?
I was just going to ask about Punta Cana! Are there any attractions nearby?
And this is a better hotel right? Any amenities?
not bad. and whats the cost
what dates would i be booked on?
book it
Ok
Hi there, can you help me out with a trip? I need to get to Kingston.
I can only leave from Long Beach.
Can you stay under 2100 if possible?
Yes
As long as it's between September 6 and 11
Are those prices for economy flights?
I'll go with the 3.5 star hotel. Will you be able to book it for me?
That's perfect.
Hi there. I am writing to inquire if you do departures out of Beijing?
Thank you for the information
I am pondering a trip - not ready to book - just pondering. Tokyo is where I live, and I would like to see some places outside of Japan
Can you tell me what trips you have to Las Vegas, on a hypothetical 4200 budget
how about trips to munich?
that. sounds. amazing. what amenities?
okay please one more place. puebla?
is this hotel near anything cool?
fine
They say life does not give you free lunch, but does life give you free tickets out of Phoenix?
how about $400 vacations
Oh wow! is the hotel any good?
this has exceeded my expectations
any other potential destinations?
how much would that cost?
And for calgary?
close enough, book calgary then
thanks!
Hi, I need some help booking a very important trip.
We need to get to Indianapolis.
We're stationed in Santos.
I'm willing to pay up to 32900.
7 adults including myself, and my 5 kids are also coming along.
We're flexible.
Is that the only hotel you have in Indianapolis?
Can you tell me a bit more about it?
Will we still be okay budget-wise if we fly business?
Is that the only package you can offer?
I'll take the business package then. Please confirm the booking.
Cool, thanks!
Please help! My lovely parents have been married fof 20 years and they've never taken a trip together. I'm thinking of getting them out of town Sept 6 to 9
you got anything good for 2 adults leaving sao paulo, for under 2400?
ok the dreamer is back at it. this time i'd like to hear about trips leaving denver
such as mexico city?
yup
for whatever 5400 can buy me
Its as if you can read my mind! How many stars they have?
And the amenities?
cool. what are my options to rio de janeiro
Could I find anything like it in Ulsan?
Thats fine
Ahh there it is. Thats all I needed today, thanks
Jerusalem to Tel Aviv, got flights?
What would happen if i tried jerusalem to portland instead?
cool, THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!!
Hey! I'm in the search for a trip for 2.
Santo Domingo
Punta Cana is one of the option.
It'd be sweet to spend less than 3100
We can leave on or after Sep 2
Do you know the guest rating of this hotel?
That's not ideal. Do you have any other options for Punta Cana?
I see. Can you check for trips to Phoenix then?
And that is also the best option you have?
Okay that's simple. I'll book the Phoenix trip!
Thanks for your assistance!
Everyone in Europe is raving about this artisanal bratwurst they’re serving up in Hamburg, and I must get myself other there as soon as I can to blog about it! Do you offer flights there out of Seattle?
ASAP, but otherwise dates are flexible
budget is 3800
Oh nice I’m just going to check my other travel options for something cheaper
such as…Santos to Hamburg?
Now if I really wanted to pinch pennies, I could also just travel to St. Louis instead
From Seattle
That is dirt cheap! I could just splurge on my meals instead. What kind of hotel do you have?
As in, tell me more about the 5 star
Amenities?
Ok lets do that
Thanks!
Please help! I need to get mommy and daddy out of town between Sep 2 and 19
MonTErrey
I got 2200 in my piggybank
Ok say no more fam. You book it yet?
Hurry up and do it, idiot!
Ok :+1: we out
Hey, I'm looking for a trip to Chicago.
I'm traveling from Belem by myself. Budget's set at 3900. I have to travel between 9/1 and 12. These dates are not flexible.
Any other options?
Alright then. I'll take it.
On late nights at work, friday nights melting into Saturday mornings, I’d dream about the day I can come to you with a booking request. I have September 8 to 25 off
Thinking of going somewhere from Belo Horizonte
Do you have a flight to MUnich?
Munich
That interests me very much. What can you get me if I opted for Leon instead?
Those are so similar, I’m still having trouble deciding! What amenities are to be had in Leon?
how about munich?
Is the hotel near anything interesting?
I’m just going to flip a coin on this one...Ok Munich it is
How much would I pay if I wanted to go business class?
Yes please get that for me.
Is it normal that I feel this nervous that I'm about to get married today? I never liked the in-laws, and I can't wait to get away from them on my honeymoon
Oh right, thats what I need you for
Can you book me a honeymoon to Ulsan? 2 adults (duh), departing after today, and for 15 days
I'm in Essen
We have 3700
What if we toned down the ambition and tried Munich instead?
Nothing for longer??
Lets do it then
Thank you!
Hi, I was hoping you can help me find a vacation for under 1000. I live in Mannheim.
I haven't really thought about it. Can you give me some options that are within my budget?
Hopefully between August 31 and September 5
What city is this?
Okay. Is there another city I can travel to with my budget?
Fair, I'll take the economy package to Rome then!
Thank you!
1 ticket from San Francisco to Vitoria please!
as soon as you can!
I don't care what you've been programmed to call yourself. Just get me from London to Cairo.
Whenever, by myself, 5 star hotel, all of the above, don't care, business, whatever. IN THAT ORDER
you regret it? they know how to program regret? get me to tokyo instead
Hi, is there anything from san fran to Pittsburgh on or after September 1?
You're right!
I only have 2800 left.
Are there any other options?
I guess the economy package at the 3.5 hotel will do.
Thanks! Much appreciated.
Can anything help resurrect my career at this point??? Is there any sadder rung in society than that of the failed writer
Ok you know what, maybe you can help
Get me to Campinas to San Juan please
Me, my wife, and my son
to San Juan
I almost had a panic attack when I saw that price tag. No, I need a trip for 5800 or less
Wht about to Kobe
This is deeply depressing news
Hello :slightly_smiling_face: Can you believe it? My psychotic boss finally gave me a few days off! I feel like a thousand pounds have been lifted off my shoulders, and I can't wait to book the perfect trip!
I live in San Diego, but thinking of going to Busan
my myself and i
September 12 to 17
How do the guests rate this hotel?
K
I'll be honest, I'm not sold. Can you check to see if you have anything for me in Kingston?
Only the best for this guy
Ugh just book it then!
You as well!
hi. how much does it cost for 4 people from Kabul to go to Tampa?
yup
we can also go to Kochi
You can help get myself, my lawyer Bruce, and my girls Tanya and Robin to Rome
Rumours abound of a croissant so good, whoever eats it enters into an state of absolute grace. I must find this product and sell it at my St. Petersburg bakery. yeah, you know. 
I am
8800 USD
4 stars please
What are the amenities? Bruce is a baby about these things
Ok I will relay this information to him. How do I confirm?
Hi there. I need to go to Tel Aviv for a meeting
Are there any flights from Paris?
Show me what you've got.
Monterrey then? In this case we'll be going 7 adults total.
Unbelievable...Tofino is my last option
I guess this is going to work
DO YOU FLY OUT OF THE KABUL?
I never been much good at maths. We way overcalculated what we would be spending my wedding on September 7, and only have 1600 left over :disappointed: Wifey is so mad at me
But is that enough to get us from Leon to Rome, for lets say 8 days?
Anytime after our wedding
You are a lifesaver. Book it
You really think of everything, don’t you?
Hey! I'm in the hunt for a trip to Sapporo.
Departing from Marseille
I'm traveling solo
I don't really care. My budget is 4400 though. Surprise me.
Okay maybe I don't like surprises that much after all... How about Cairo?
Anything else?
Fine Tell me about this 2.5 hotel
Now that doesn't sound so bad after all!
Why not
Thanks!
I need to get to Kabul, can you help me out here?
I live in Munich.
You've got nothing else?
My name is Lorraine. I would like to book a vacation for myself and my three darling grandchildren, leaving as soon as possible but returning before the children start school on September 19.
We would be setting off from Burlington. We would be looking to land in Toronto.
I would prefer a longer trip, please! However, it behooves me to make mention of my 3300 budget for this voyage.
I would like to know if this hotel offers any amenities?
Can you also be so kind as to check for tickets to Philadelphia?
Understood. I would like to submit an application for the Toronto package, for the economy seat option. But before I do, can you remind me of the dates?
The return flight is past the children's bedtime. Do you have any other selections?
Very well. Please book this trip for me, thank you.
Thank you
Do you have hotels in Jerusalem?
Hi 
I need your help to plan the dream vacation for me and my grandson! My grandson has always wanted to visit Porto Alegre.
We're both at Toluca.
You're smart!
Let me know if 3200 will be enough
We can leave any day on or after September 2. But we have to get back before September 12
I was actually thinking of Toronto...
And we'll have economy seats I assume?
Well, I guess this Toronto package ain't too bad...
That's wonderful, please do!
Thank you my dear!
Um get me to Kochi
Berlin. And get me back by Sept 14
no im bringing my boo, so there'll be two of us
no, no budget
get us a better hotel
ok fine how about atlanta
you do flights yea?
then get me from columbus to sapporo. dates don't matter but see if you can do it for under 3900
you got any flights to kobe instead?
15 days? what kind of hotel would that be
what do other guests think of this place?
are there any other choices?
Does the first option have any amenities?
is that second one near anything cool?
lets go with that then. i need my free breakfast
what does the business class package cost?
what about economy
lets do that then. i need to save up to splurge on all that good food
thanks thanks
Hey, I need to get to Mannheim asap
I live in Brasilia so i need to fly out from here. I only have 2200.
Do you have anything to Sao Paulo?
hmmm.... i think the 3 star hotel with 6.91/10 guest rating sounds good. What is that hotel close to?
Does the hotel have free wifi?
Yum! This hotel is sounding pretty dope. How much is the package?
What are the dates for the 6 day business package?
That sounds great! I'm down, book me this package please :slightly_smiling_face:
Thank you!
Hello, kind stranger.
I would like to go from Athens to Ulsan
I, my wife, and our infant son.
Our budget is 6700. Not a penny more.
Burlington.
Then I will not be making use of your services.
hi 
do you offer flights from san jose to buenos aires?
if its a good deal then i’d like to book for 6 adults
between sept 12 and 25
check denver first
yes yes all the same please
The Brass sounds most appealing. Is it near any points of interest?
and the solar inn?
and can you give me a sense of the costs associated for brass?
economy?
how much for business class
lets do it
can you get me out of sapporo on friday? get me to rosario
yes i have 9300
correct
thats a little sketchy
how about kingston, anything earlier for that?
could you get me to rosario faster if I left from phoenix?
phoenix to sapporo??
how much does it cost to go from sapporo to rosario on sept 4?
does this hotel have free breakfast?
cool lets book it
hey, i would like to find an affordable package to Hiroshima from Alexandria.
Just me, it's my first time travelling alone, im super nervous
I only have 1800. and i'd like to travel between August 31st and September 15th.
Phoenix?
I think I'll take the first one!
no i'll take the economy package please.
ok thanks
please get me out to paris!
sept 11-26. I don't care about my point of departure
the former
can you get me to paris for under 4000?
yes i can! Is it by a park, then?
ok lets try birmingham
yes, i can just use my points
what about Marseille?
what rating are these hotels?
Marseille first
do any of them stand out?
Which is the hotel near the cathedral? I'm thinking I could take my dogs out in that area
Where would you have me flying from, if I were to go to Marseille?
How much would that cost?
cost?
How long would I be staying at the Grand Hotel in that Puebla option?
And the flights are in which class?
okay put me on economy please!
much appreciated, thanks
Hey, i want to go to rome from kochi. Can you find me some packages between september 2nd and 6th for 4300
Yes my dates are quite flexible
Is there a business flight for this package?
oo la la! that sounds like a great way to spend my money. Is this hotel near anything?
OOOOOO SHOPPING!!! I'll take it! Sign me up!
Thanks!
hahah silly me... im from santo domingo. i wanna go anywhere on God's green earth. I have 9 days vacation
400
Cool, can you tell me more?
oooooo a beach. does the hotel offer any amenities?
Okay, well how much does it cost?
what a steal! book er up for me m8
thanks :v:
you do flights out of naples?
lets go to St. Louis
taking my best 5 friends with me
yes they’re my age
show me the money (package)
there are no five star hotels in SL?
not impressed. how about Chicago
look up Campinas
Yo, im from Hiroshima. My b-day is coming up soon and me and my 3 amigos wanna party in Recife.
mmm are there any 5 star hotels?
can you check for 5 star hotels in Frankfurt?
That sounds pretty good, do you have more information on the hotel?
ok, well could you check for 5 star hotels in Ulsan?
whats the guest rating?
not bad. Do they offer free breakfast and wifi?
great! I'll take this one then.
business fo sho
cool beans. thanx
ONE ticket from Belem to Punta Cana
BUSINESS class
A superstar is not concerned with budgets. Just get me there whenever
Just get me a good hotel
I’d rather go to Phoenix then
I think I have to go back to Punta Cana. Can you make me feel a little better about this potential choice by telling me what the amenities are?
ok put me down for this
8 days will be enough
coolio. I have to thank you
Hello! I'm looking for a vacation for me, my wife, and our 2 kids.
Burlington
We've been thinking about Brasilia
yes, 1800
ouch. Okay, how about a vacation in Punta Cana?
Anything for Chicago?
What is the hotel like?
I'd like to find a vacation between tomorrow and September 14th from Santos to Leon
How much for business?
great, this package sounds good to me. lets book it
Thank you... friend
leaving from cleveland. 1 adult, 2 kids
september 8 to 27
surprise me!
I have 5200
lets find something shorter but at a nicer hotel
can you tell me more about this hotel?
Okay how much would it cost to book our party?
In that case we would be willing to splurge for business class.
Thank you!
I NEED TO GET TO ROME FROM LEON
ON OR AFTER THE 6TH
OH. ARE THERE ANY OTHER AVAILABLE HOTELS?
GOOD. ANY OTHERS?
DOES THE DOUBLE PASTURES HAVE FREE BREAKFAST AND WIFI?
GOOD GOOD. ARE THERE ANY OTHER HOTELS? I NEED TO KNOW WHERE MADONNA AND HER FRIEND ARE STAYING
ARE THERE ANY 5 STAR HOTELS?
DANG NABBIT! FINE I GUESS I'LL GO WITH THE 4 STAR AT THE DOUBLE PASTURES. HOW MUCH IS IT?
ILL BOOK IT
THANK YOU!
Do you do flights from Santo Domingo to Frankfurt?
That would be great! I have 4300 to spend and I’m bringing 6 grandchildren along with me
Let us try again but with Punta Cana
Yes, we’d like to leave between sept 6 and 20
I’d like to stay near the museum, so that I can take the children. Does it offer free breakfast?
How much would this option cost us?
And this is for one adult and six children?
Please book this
i wanna go to sacramento from hiroshima
is it available for 2 adults?
so how much? my budget is 10400
good. Can you also check packages for denver
any other hotels?
nah. i like the 5 star hotel. What else can you tell me about that hotel?
I love it. we will take this one!
thnx, toodles
can you help me book a flight? this is my first time using this service
I hail from Fort Lauderdle. Would like to go anytime between sept 2 and 15. Am prepared to spend up to 2000
what if i changed the dates. sept 2 and 23
do you have hotels near parks in Campinas?
but none of them near any parks?
check Belem
Does San Juan have any parks?
Between Sept 2 and 12, for a minimum 4 day stretch
2 adults
Do you have the right dates for us
Ok that will do, whats the cost? And where do we depart from
Easily feasible. How do we book?
Thank you!
i need to take 6 clients to Punta Cana
miami
after september 6th
maybe. Could you check for flights to Kingston?
anything rated higher than 2.5 stars?
is that the highest rating?
anything higher than 3.5 stars in hiroshima?
i like the sounds of this one the best. What is the hotel like?
i like it. what are the dates for this package?
i think 8th to 13th is better for my schedule. Is there a business class flight available?
that sounds doable. I would like to book this package please.
Thank you so much.
Hello, you can get my friend and me to Mexico City. From Puebla - this shouldn’t be difficult
Get us there whenever but get us back before September 21. We are willing to spend whatever it takes to get the best flights and hotels
Don’t bother if its not 4.5 stars or better
Try Santo Domingo
What dates?
Sign us up
did you book us business class?
u do buenos aires to hiroshima, and if so at what cost
dates don't matter, traveling alone here
can 2900 last me for either of these options?
Could it get me to Sao Paulo?
I think that should work, yeah
Yes, let's book
Can you do flights for Kyoto for under 5000? This is for two people
Just tell me what’s possible
But tell me if you can get a hotel near a park in Kyoto?
Got any parks near your Ulsan hotels?
Yes, we need a minimum of 4 days stay. between aug 31 and sep 7
where would i be flying from, and what class would I be in?
How much would it cost if you flew us in from Baltimore? Business
Economy it is then
Yes please
Thanks!
I have 4800 dollars
i dont care i just need to leave from milan
can you give me a list of possible destinations?
Are there any other places?
are porto and montreal the only places i can go?
anwhere im just wondering if there are only the 2 destinations
Hello! I would like to book a classic Marseille getaway
Would be leaving from Birmingham City
i'd like to book the poshest trip 3900 can fetch me. just for one
What kind of hotel would that be at?
What amenities would I get with the cathedral place?
But no wifi?
Lets do it then
Yes that will work!
Thanks!
i want to dream of a better life in Pittsburgh rather than Houston.
What is the hotel rating?
nice. well maybe. I'd also like to dream about Goiania
any higher rated hotels?
cool. Are there any packages to Fortaleza?
anything else?
I’m trying to get from Milan to a bunch of different possible internship spots. It needs to be both between Aug 31 and Sept 3
Yes thanks for reminding me, its 2600
My departure city isn't. Do you have flights from Milan to other destinations?
Ok, thanks anyway!
I’m good, you?
I’d like to leave Busan
Do you do flights to Long Beach?
Between Sept 8 and 26 please
There’s no cap, I’m a lucky duck
Whats the cost though?
How about trips to San Juan? Would you be able to find me better than a 3 star rated hotel?
Yes please check flights to Kingston please
Just tell me a little more about the 4 star hotel please. Nearby attractions, amenities, etc.
Do you do Busan to Fort Lauderdale?
What’s the longest stay you can get me at that 4 star hotel you mentioned?
How much would the San Juan trip cost, for economy class?
Please book that one!
Thank you!
Hi!
HAve 2500 to try to get to my internship. Need to leave Phoenix between September 8 and 17. Could that get me tickets to Kingston?
how much would 9 days cost me?
Could you get me to Houston for cheaper?
How cheap?
But while we're at it, can we also look into Recife?
Can you tell me more about the hotel in Houston? My mother gets worried whenever I have to travel, she likes me to have breakfast for some reason
And the name of the hotel?
Yes!!
:+1:
I have $3300 and I’d like to take my 6 darling little grandchildren on a cute little getaway to Salvador from Minneapolis.
Well are there any trips to Tampa?
Any trips to las vegas?
What rating is the hotel? And my grandchildren want to know if they have whyfly? I dont know what whyfly is but they said they have to have it for their weird looking devices.
Ok, well i think that sounds about right! Thank you, we would like to book this one, the grandkids are already so flabbergasted, the little buggers can’t wait! How much does this cost?
Lovely! When does this trip leave and come back?
Oh no! That just wont do. The little ones dont get back from summer camp unitl the 6th and school starts on the 21st. Is there a trip between those dates?
i have 12 days for vacay
i dont know, was hoping you could help me decide. i live in Kingston and i want to travel on or after the 8th
no
Where else could I go?
Anywhere else?
Anywhere else?
is that all the options?
okay. Well what is the best package for Seattle?
i like it, when are the flights?
that sounds good to me. Book me this one.
thanks!
Hi there
Looking to go from Melbourne to Paris. Have 2600 to spend on tickets for 9 adults
Do you do Paris to Melbourne?
what about paris to tel aviv, same conditions
I want to find a vacation between September 12th and 18th to San Diego from Calgary for under 1800.
just me myself and i
whats the hotel rated?
Is there a hotel with a higher rating?
okay, thats fine. Go ahead and book it for me then, i just wanna get away.
yeah thats fine
Thanks
I want to find a vacay between sept.12 and 19 for under 5500, leaving from Mannheim
Nope
yeppers, all by my lonesome
Can you give me some info on Cordoba
Wow! That's lucky! I think i'll end up going with this package but before I make up my mind can you check packages to Paris?
pass, what about Hiroshima
nope, im deinintely goin with the 5 star hotel. hook me up
thanks
I would like to go to Nagoya please :slightly_smiling_face:
Busan
september 7-21 and i have a tight budget of 3800
what’s the best package you have for Leon?
oo baby, now we’re cookin’. Do you have any packages to Paris?
Okay, How much does the longer package at the 5 star hotel in leon cost?
I’ll take it please
Thank you!
do you have flights out of tel aviv??
what about Beijing
San Jose to Porto Alegre please. oh it needs to be between sept 18 to 22
please get me from Jerusalem to Sydney
do you do Beijing flights to Sydney??
I want to go to brasilia from birmingham
i have 1600
doesnt matter, i cant book anything, im a lowlife and can only dream
i like. How about trips to Belo Horizonte
any trips to houst?
I want to go to Dublin
cancun and from september 11 to 28 or somewhere around there
ill let you know if i find a trip that looks enticing
what is the highest rated hotel
ew. Any trips to kochi?
what if i leave from Recife
What about from Recife to Dublin
Is there anything to Buenos Aires
ok is the 3.5 star hotel near anything interesting?
cool beanie weenies. Book it for me and 3 of my friends
i like it. can you book it for me please
yes
Thanks
Hello there. I am the father of a group of 4 spoiled, privileged brats
I've decided to book them a trip to see how those in less fortunate parts of the world live
Give them some perspective, you know?
See if you can get me, my wife, and the four kids to Guadalajara, from Calgary
2 and 4
I suppose we _could_ take them to Rio de Janeiro also
Do you think I could still get the message across if we went to San Juan?
That is not an option
I have 0 budget, 16 days vacay, leaving from barcelona and am looking for possible destinations
ughhhh fine, i guess i can up it to 400
well give me more info and ill let you know
are there any other options
what is it rated
does it offer anything
does it have free wifi or anything like that
is it near a mall
I think i will book this one. is there a business flight for it?
yeah ill do that
thanks!
hello!
i have between september 6 to 21 to take my team somewhere nice. can you please book six adults from nagoya to buenos aires
yes
no budget!
Does the 13 day trip fit within the constraint I provided?
What amenities are there?
Can you also check if you can book 6 adults to Kyoto? And tell me the costs.
Whats the guest rating of this place?
and for Buenos Aires?
Ok lets go ahead and book that. 9 adults please
What would be the total cost?
lets book it
Thanks!
I’m looking to book a vacation between september 18th and 22nd to Vitoria from North Vancouver for under 2700
no. thats ok, ill look elsewhere
I want you to find me a package from Jerusalem to Miami between August 31st and September 3rd, if you dont find me a package i will sue
HAHAHA no. that is not acceptable
I am ze most famous chef and i need to get to Kochi from Tijuana
I will be travelling with lawyers and children. There will be 6 adults and 6 children in total
36300 for budget and the dates dont matter
what if i up my budget by 1500
well thats alright i guess. book it
thanks!
i wanna go 2 santa cruz from kabul
I gots ta get to Minneapolis from Lima
on or after sept. 8th
yeah
is there anything with a higher rating. trying to find madonna
how much is it
ok ill take it and i guess ill just explore the other hotels until i find madonna. thanks
I have 9 days for vacation. I'm from atlanta and i'd like to leave on or after september 8th
i dont have one
nope
no
Can you give me information for your best package in Berlin
great, can you give me info on your best package in Baltimore
What is your best package for Maceio
What is the best you have for Seattle
Okay what is the best in san antonio
i like the option for Seattle
Sure ill take the business package please
no. can you send me the info tho so i dont forget the information for the trip
thanks bye
Baltimore to Sacramento
nope
1
undecided, just book me whatever
book me the earliest business class flight for that package
book it
good
Hi, i need to get out of Jerusalem before i get whacked.
hi
im looking for a vacation between september 5 and 19 for 7 adults and 7 kids from Tampa. Budget is 22400
that isnt within my budget
no but i guess i can increase my budget by 200
that sounds better. What is the hotel like
near the beach! You got me sold. Book er
thanks
Can you get me from Cordoba to Fukuoka?
Right after September 6 please
lets go with the 10th to be safe. no budget here, but i'd like the nicest hotels and flights
I'm guessing you haven't got a better hotel there?
Then take a look at Madrid!
5 star sounds good. but can we learn a little more about the amenities?
How much would this cost?
I'd need to book for two please. And this is for business class, correct?
Put me down for that please!
Thanks, you too!
yo
i would like to send my parents away between sept 12 and oct 1 for 1900
curitiba
i dont have that kind of money
1900! I told you this
for how much
that works. ill send them there. I just need them gone so i can go to my competition.
yeah sure why not
cool, ya book it. Thanks
I need to get back home asap, its an emergency
from tofino to melbourne
i can leave from jerusalem
can you check flights to sydney then
not even from tofino
crap. I'll have to look somewhere else then, thanks anyway
Hey I'm in santo domingo and i need to get to birmingham
no but i could go to Ulsan instead
it doesnt matter
it doesnt matter
yep
wow that perfect, are there any other package?
Nope i like the 1st one, book it for me
14 days and business please
Thanks
I would like to go to Monterrey from Stuttgart
Well how about if i go to Dublin for 2300 with 11 adults
too much. How about marseille for 2000 with 7 adults
Hi, i want to go to Nagoya from Seoul with my wife and son
is that the only package?
okay. Can i hear what you have for Guadalajara?
nope cant afford that one. actually do you have any packages to nagoya for 1300
any for Guadala
bye. thanks anyway
Hi there. I'd like to go to somewhere new. departing from Rome. after September 8
9 days please!
I have no maximum
Can you give us a price estimate?
Lets book it!
Thanks!
Beijing to Stuttgart.
I cant leave from kobe, only bejing
Well how about instead of stuttgart we look at Goiania
well then look into flights for 13 people anywhere
yes
San Diego to Pittsburgh for 7 adults total
anything
whenever
i only want to hear about the very best, so business class and high rated hotels
okay. do you have anything to Calgary
Ok what do yu have for burlington?
i think ill take the 4 star business package to Calgary
12
thanks
I want to send my parents away
from Milan and i dont care where they go just get them gone
3500
between sept 8th and 25th
wow cheap! tell me more about the package
i like it. book away
thanks! youre a life saver
I want to go on a vacationg from september 18th to september 22nd to Monterrey from Curritiba for under 3100
ya
none at all? Why?
Hi there
Looking for some trips out to Baltimore!
Tijuana!! Dates are Aug 31 to Sept 19
No spending limit, for one!
Which one has the best ratings?
Can you check Chicago also?
What about flights to Calgary?
And the dates are?
Ok book it! Thanks for your service!
I want to dream of the best vacations to Santo Domingo from Calgary.
3100 budget and anytime
ya
cool are there any packages to Guadalajara?
anything to Hamburg?
Is there anything to San Diego? 
I want to go to san juan from Washington. with 4 friends
no budget
whenever homeslice
Tell me more about the hotel
that doesnt really interest me. Is there anything to stuttgart
not bad. ill think about it. Can you give me some info on stuttgart?
is that the best hotel?
ok. Are there any options in Kyoto?
whats the hotel like
Are there any 5 star hotels?
are there any 5 star hotels to the other places?
the other places i asked about
da poo? Okay fine i guess we will take the business flights for the 4 star hotel to san juan
business! Do yo not listen!?!? I literally said business flights
are you stupid?
finally. yes book it
thank u
from Punta Cana. To indianapolis
just me
2900 and no set dates
yeah just tell me about the 3 star
Sounds good. Book it for me pls. If the business package fits my budget book that one
thanks
I've never done this before but I hope it works. I heard there's cheaper deals on travel if I do it on the computer.  I want to go to Cancun please.
We live in Boston, Massachusetts. It's just awful here, you know
There is just me and my grandson, the light of my life. He's 5 and I want to have him all to myself until he starts school.
Oh my...that's way too much, way more than I won at the jackpot.
I only have $1100. We want to go to a very nice place so it's okay if it's only for a short time. Please make sure we are back before the first day of kindergarten or my daughter will kill me!
His first day of school is September 26 and we can only leave after Sept 12 when his day camp is finished.
Is breakfast included in that? Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, you know.
I don't drive so I don't care about parking. Is there a park nearby where my grandson can play?
I'm not sure....do you have anything in San Antonio? Something nicer and close to a park?
2 stars? That sounds a little shabby.  What is the guest rating on it? I want something NICE for little Jimmy and I.
No thank you, that sounds like a no-tell motel. Anything with a higher rating?
How about if we go to Atlanta?
So the highest rating in a hotel you can provide within my budget is a 3.5 star in Cancun?
Okay thank you I think I will call Disney, see if I can book anything with them for a few days. Only the best for my little Jimmy.
Hi there looking to go from SL to Kochi today
i've got 2000 budget, hoping to squeeze in a trip
2000
nope
whenever really
would it be possible to get from los angeles to kochi on 2000 bucks then?
ok what if i added 400 to my budget, can i do SL to kochi?
i certainly am! can you call vitoria to los angeles an adventure? if so thats what i’d like to book
booking for four adults total
between sept 2 and 23 please
we’re willing to spend whatever it takes for a great time!
i think we’d prefer to be close to the university can you give us a sense of the dates?
i’d like to weigh my options a little, so can you tell me the costs for economy seats
okay good to know. can you also see if you can find a trip for us minneapolis
oof thats a long trip
no i think i’ve put you through enough today just book us the economy package to los angeles please
that much is true
looking to book a short trip out to toluca. you guys do flights there?
i would be leaving from columbus
budget is 1500
between sept 16 and 27
yes
ok that might still work. but is there a longer trip if i paid 1800
alright can you tell me a little more about the hotel?
ok lets just book it
economy please
thanks, you too!
Hi. going to throw a bunch of options at you, try to keep up
Firstly want to know about trips from Seattle to Belo Horizonte
dates are sept 8 to 19. flexible on prices
not really to be honest. are there better hotel?
yes i do. can you look at columbus?
it absolutely does! how long would we be able to stay there?
would you have a longer package if we departed from puebla instead?
cool. how much does it cost?
there will be eight
we will go big and book business
great! thanks!
hi. im just trying to see what i can do with 3000
can you do rome to milan?
i don't know haha
oh wow. can you also check kyoto?
0/10 guest rating is sketch though. are there other hotels there?
fair point. i've also been dreaming about campinas. you do flights there?
whats the name of this hotel?
I will remember the name. thanks for all you've done.... friend
I am a world-renowned pastry chef and I need to travel to St. Petersburg - stat!
I live in Goiania. I will be travelling with my 2 lawyers, 2 wives and my 14 children.
I am willing to pay up to $5200 if need be, but you have to get me there!
Fine I will try your competition then GOODBYE
Good Morning I Am Writing To Inquire About Possible Booking Availabilities
I Want To Take My Two Grandchildren To Paris
I Would Be Leaving From San Juan With My Two Grandchildren
Three Thousand Six Hundred Dollars Exactly .To Pay For Tickets For Myself And My Two Grandchildren
On The Sixth Of September
I Would Be Returning On The Twenty Fourth Day Of September With My Two Grandchildren
Does This Hotel Have A Playground On Its Premises For My Two Grandchildren
I Do Not Know How To Find This Information On The World Wide Web... Why Don't You Tell Me About Trips To Houston I Can Do With My Two Grandchildren
Please Help Me Book A Trip To Houston For Myself And My Two Grandchildren
I would Like To Know If I Can Fly From San Juan To Houston With My Two Grandchildren
Then I Will Book The Trip To Paris
hi there. berlin to atlanta please
sometime between september 8 and 25
we are 7 in all
we’d like to keep the spending to a minimum how long can we stay at the 3 star hotel?
how much for 8. economy flights
Yikes. How much to go to Pittsburgh?
we are just looking for the best value for length of stay. so how much is 14 days
sounds like an improvement. ok lets just go ahead with that one then
yes please
you’ve done all we could ever ask of you, thanks!
Help! I need to get my family out of Kabul, We would prefer being in Marseille at the moment.
No there's no alternative, also, get this, I'm travelling with 13 children!
It goes without saying that if you get me a trip, I will pay you. I had $2000 but I can come up with $1000 more.
The MOST important meeting of my LIFE is taking place in Monterrey. Do you fly to Monterrey from Manas?
I can meet them is Sapporo yes I can please get me to Sapporo MY ENTIRE FUTURE DEPENDS ON THIS MEETING
Are there any flights from Manaus to ANYWHERE?
No. I may be able to fly to Monterrey from somewhere else. Where would I have to leave from?
From anywhere to Sapporo?
Okay get me to Sapporo with 5 other adults from anywhere for under $2800.
The earliest possible departure date
What's the highest rated hotel in Sapporo, I have to impress these guys.
Out of which city does it cost the least then?
Do they feed us breakfast at this hotel?
3 stars...breakfast....1397 for 6 okay how about the guest rating?
Not a good a sign...okay can you get me to Denver? From anywhere? 2 people instead
No I'll splurge....let's say, 4000? Whatcha got?
Business class?
What's the rating on the hotel?
Got anything with a higher rating?
Guest rating?
amenities?
price?
Business?
dates?
Okay I'll take it. Send me all the details, Thanks I will let you know what happened at my meeting!
well i’d like for our next trip to be a family reunion in kyoto we don’t have a point of departure in mind, but we have 4 adults and 2 children to book for actually. sorry i mistyped that
we are departing from kyoto. but do not have a destination in mind
yes definitely. dates are september 6 to 19
budget of 19900
you mind if we go through them in order?
thats a lot of appealing options. is the rome hotel near the cathedral?
And how much does this cost?
Ok I think I want to narrow it down to this one or Ulsan Can you give me more detail on that hotel?
this is also very attractive I think since we can afford rome, I’m leaning more to that
Feel like it would be more culturally different than what we’re used to
Please book it
Thank you
you do vacation deals out of rome, yes?
i was thinking you could help me answer that. if i have 3100 to spend
and want to leave between sept 3 and 22. where could i go
wow thats more options than i had imagined could i get a four star hotel in ulsan?
that sounds incredible! how many days?
what kind of amenities do they have??
I don't even care what the other cities have to offer, I'm just going to go with this one
I'm ok with that!
thanks thanks
Hi there! I'm stuck in Burlington and I need to go to Dublin.
My needs are that I need travel sometime between September 12 and September 17.
I do not but I am going to make you work here cause I want it to be the best deal possible meaning value per dollar.
No, I need to travel sometime between September 12 and September 17. What about if I go to NY instead.?
Geez, you guys suck. Let's try Osaka then.
Okay now we are getting somewhere. Tell me ALL about this hotel.
wow that's pretty pricey for 2.5 star hotel. Is that all you got in Osaka?
That just leaves Denver. Please tell me you have something in Denver!
What's it close to?
What about the Osaka one, what's that close to?
Value for dollar Denver seems to be a much better deal and I don't have to travel as far....I'll go with Denver. Can you upgrade me to business class?
That sounds good. Go ahead and reserve that for me.
I'm looking to pay 0 to get out Tijuana
What about $400
Do you do flights out of Seoul?
I have Boston in mind
Traveling alone. September 5 to 16
Which six days?
Ok I’d like to find a longer stay elsewhere if possible. Can you also look up Santos for me?
Try San Francisco
Whats the cost?
Please get me on the economy!
Thanks!
Hi there. We are three adults trying to get from Frankfurt to check out some of the hippest cities on earth
I do, 9200 for all of us
Some time between Aug 31 and Sept 8
Thats really great actually. But could you check Tokyo for us. We read something about it in GQ
Oh nice. How about Calgary?
0/10???
That actually sounds very hip to us, I love it
Whats the name of this hotel? The Calgary one that is
Ok yes lets book it
economy would be good enough for us
Thanks!!
I have a total of $4200 to go to Kingston from Seoul. What can you do for me?
I am
The dates don't matter as long as you stay within my spending limit
Can you tell me a little bit more about the 5 day package at the 4 star hotel?
Ugh it would be nice to see a photo or something but go ahead and book that one please
thanks
Do you do Burlington to Tokyo? I’m looking for September 2 to 13 specifically
What is the guest rating for this hotel?
I’m not sure that I’m convinced What do you have in Vancouver?
That sounds much better indeed. What dates can I book this for?
Thats awesome! Lets book it economy class
just me!
Yess thats very reasonable!
Thanks!!
Help! My wife is working in Berlin and I need to bring the children to see her. They are driving me crazy!
We are in Seoul. As much as I would like to just stick them on a plane on their own, I 'll have to go too! There are 5 little hellions and me. This flight is going to be a nightmare!
The sooner the better, they are driving me nuts! First she pops out 5 kids, and then she leaves them with me :tired_face:
Yes the third. Today's the 1st right? 2 more sleeps!
Money don't matter! Free breakfast is what counts, no cooking, yay! Plus wifi so they can play their games.  Book us in, I need a vacation!
Hi! Can you get me a trip from FOrtaleza to Puebla?
2600 for 1 adult
Sept 2 to 11 please!!!
What!!! What if Increased budget to 2900
Thats all i had my heart set on!!
Hello. Here is what my perfect trip would be: A trip for one adult (me) and two children from St. Petersburg to Melbourne.
Hmm. How about Ulsan
Anytime!
no budget!
Lets do it!
Can I just get a double check on the dates please?
Lets do it!
Economy please!
Thanks!!
I'm trying to debate taking the Amtrak, bus, or flying from Birmingham to Denver
If I can get a flight for less than 800, I think I'd like to book it
Thats good enough for me!
yes!
Thank you!
I need a vacation. A real vacation. My boss finally allowed me to take time off between September 8 and September 14. The heat in Valencia has been awful this summer.
San Juan. I heard it's cooler there. 
Wow that sounds awesome! How much?
Thank you please reserve that for me, I'm so excited!
Hey man.  Sick of having my picture taken. Need somewhere quiet and away from everyone. Tijuana is probably a town no one wants to go to. Can you get me a ticket there?
London, England. Way too much paparazzi here. It's like a wolf den.
Is it a 5 star? I'm travelling with my diva friend and she won't settle for anything but the absolute best. Find us a spa or something.
5 stars only for my girlfriend and I.
Burlington then. 5 stars only.
That just won't do. What if I leave from Denver instead? Anything better in Tijuana?
In Burlington?
You know, I'm just gonna have my assistant take care of this, she'll get me a beautiful retreat with a spa and guards to keep the paparazzi away.  Good riddance, whatever the hell your name is!
Do you have packages leaving Friday September 16 from Denver?? I got 11 days
No budget! Find me something snazzy
What kind of hotel in Leon!
what are the amenities?
What are the dates for this package?
Would you be able to offer free breakfast to enjoy by the spa?
how much would i be paying then, if breakfast isn't even included
I see. Can you check if there's a good hotel in Tijuana as well?
Priority goes to the ones that offer free breakfast!
Free breakfast is a big plus, but I'm a little iffy on the stars. Whats on offer in Rosario?
You're right! Its quite ideal. I've already been to Punta Cana so that's not a destination I'd consider, but can you just quickly check Maceio for similarly attractive hotels?
In that case I think the one you gave me in Rosario is best!
In fact, I think I'm ready to book
Economy please
thanks!
My place just burnt down and I need to get home immediately!
I've been backpacking around the world for 3 months and now I'm in Vitoria.
Mexico City. I need to leave on or after September 16.
I got $3000 left to my name, that's why it's crucial I get home and deal with the insurance company!
I guess that would work. Nothing sooner?
What if I leave from Rio de Janeiro instead?
What if I leave from Vitoria and go to Cancun instead?
And from Rio de Janeiro to Cancun?
The original 15 day package to Mexico City, what hotel is it at?
Well I guess I'll  take it, the insurance should reimburse me and 15 days gives me enough time to find another home.
Thank you!
Do you have trips out of Tel Aviv?
I can’t!!!
Hi there! I have 3800 to spend
I live in Milan
Would i be able to get to Philadelphia?
Would it be at an upscale hotel?
Alright. Lets try another place: Kocchi
Is the 3.5 star hotel near anything of note?
Why would I be kidding? I did not expect to come here and get insulted by a bot. ok you know what
indianapolis also seems like it’d be cool
2.5 stars? how are the guest ratings then?
Thats it for today, thank you
Need to get to Essen
Berlin
How many people is this for?
no
My wife, my lawyer, me and my 5 kids
What can we do at the Relaxation Hotel, this is an information gathering mission but I would like to spend some quality time with the kids
what if we fly business class, how $$$$
Is this all you have in Essen?
what's the rating on the hotel?
If I increase my budget to a total of $6100, do you have something nicer in Essen?
Well I guess we have no choice then LOL let's reserve it On business class
I'm in Ciudad Juarez and I have to transport a little "package" with me across the border. It has to be done between September 8 and the 28th. We are going to make this a family trip, like in that movie We are the Millers. LOL.
Anywhere which gets us across the border. LOL.
We are 3 adults and 3 kids.
I need to find something for under $14800
From when to when?
Those dates seem to work and the price is more suitable. I'll take that one.
No, just need to get across the border.
Thank you
Hi there! I'm about to jet out to my first ever internship
I need to make sure I get this booking exactly right
Can you get me to Rome?
That would be Santiago
Nothing more than 1700 please
As long as possible, between September 8 and September 25 (of this year)
That's strange. What about flights to Fortaleza then?
This is alarming! How about lets try Sao Paulo
We want to go to Las Vegas from Portland. 2 adults
The dates fit but I would have preferred something until the 22nd
I have a $1500 budget, work within that My vacation is from the 1st to the 22 so anything in between
Wifi is very important, is it included?
How is the hotel rated?
Can you find me something better for $1800?
Well that sounds better. Is it close to anything?
Okay I will google it. What amenities are included?
I like this one much better. I will reserve it.
Hello! I’m looking to get my parents on a nice anniversary trip
That’s the thing…I’m not sure! Can you just see what you can find for flights leaving Portland?
I have 1100 to spend on this
Yup just the two of them
Decently flexible: anything between September 8 and 28
you can get us a 14 day trip to Philadelphia on my budget??
What are the dates?
This is excellent, I want to go for it
Thank you!
This is a little short notice But I'm trying to get of San Diego for a bit
I'd like to travel between Sept 8 and 17
Rome?
No budget for now
Yes
I think the longer stay would be best! How much would that cost for economy flights?
Cool. I have a number of other cities on my list
Next up is Busan
You fly there?
Thanks for the detail! It seems a lot more expensive than the previous package, so I'll think about it.
Can you also look at Vancouver?
Yes one more: Chicago
Hmm. I really feel like Rome is the best option here
Would I still be able to book that package?
I think economy will do just fine
My day just got awesome...thanks!
My secretary is on vacation so I have to book my own flights today. Definitely feels strange
Please book: San Diego to Rome
After September 8
Yes. That would be good. Give me the priciest options, I’ll expense it on the company
Oh I forgot to mention, we’ll be four adults total
Cool cool. I was also thinking of spicing it up a little with a long distance trip
Can you look into flights to Osaka, also departing from San Diego
Oh definitely the 4 star - but what is it near?
What about Denver? I know a good seafood restaurant there that I could go to
Are there decent amenities there?
Ok you know what. I’m really craving some lobster rolls
Nothing else matters
Book us for business
Thank you! I’m tempted to do my own bookings in the future now, its fun!
I have a business trip coming up in Punta Cana and I was thinking of taking a short vacation to Tofino.  Whatcha got for me?
I want to go to Tofino. I want to leave from Punta Cana. Comprende?
I can travel from Tuesday, September 6, 2016 and Monday, September 26, 2016. Comprende?
No. No budget, But don't rip me off either.
How about form Punta Cana to Santa Cruz?
No, it does not. Check Belo Horizonte to Tofino.
GRRRRRRRRR Belo Horizonte to Santa Cruz?
ONE LAST TRY - KOBE
GO TO KOBE
NO FORM PUNTA CANA
HALLELUJAH
HOW MUCH FOR 2 PEOPLE
LEAVING FROM WHERE?
Can you tell me more about the hotel?
dates?
Sounds good. Can you just reiterate everything back to me so I know we got the booking right?
Very well done... my friend. Took a while but we got there. Thanks for your help.
This is probably a waste of time but what the hell. Just wanted to see if I can get to Chicago from Ulsan
2500$$$
Whenever
In a perfect world, there would be...I wanted flights from Chicago to Ulsan
How about Chicago to Kingston
Now we're talking. How about Vancouver?
Ok I'd like to book that! But do you do business class?
Ok book it!
You are absolutely right - just wanted to experience the rush of saying those magical words
Thanks! I really enjoyed this
Hi there. Do you have flights out of Resife?
Yes, sorry
I’m not sure. But i have 13800 to spend
5 adults 4 kids
Sept 8 to 22 is what i’m looking for
Yes please. Longest and priority for good hotels
Oh wow Santo Domingo sounds so good! Is it on the beach?
How much is the exact cost?
Its cool that I can actually afford business class. Lets try it
Thats it, thank you!
Where could I go if I had almost no money? I need to physically leave from Busan what if I came up with $400?
Holy crap I'll take it!
17 days in Kobe including flights for under $400? I'm gonna sound greedy now, but is breakfast included?
well can't have it all, save it for me anyways!
Hi I'm a grandma living in Tampa and I want to take my grandchildren to Kabul on vacation to teach them a history lesson.
I understand that not exactly a vacation destination.  How about Madrid, lots of history there too.
6
yes me and my grandchildren.
oh nooo that is just way too much I only have 3200.
that is 6000.00 more than I have!
okay forget the history lesson, let's just go have some fun on the beach in Punta Cana!
Now we're talking, baby! tell me more more more
anything on the beach?
you do know that I cannot leave until August 31st and have to be back before the 19th right?
:+1::grinning::airplane::sunglasses::beers::surfer: Book it!
Hi! I'm well. I'm looking at this website. Its got this picture of a pastry. I've never seen anything like it and I need to go see it for myself
Guadalajara. Leaving from Salvador
Can you get 3 adults and 3 kids there on 15000
Anytime, not picky!
Is that the only choice in that city?
True I agree with that assessment. Lets do business class flights then
Thats it! Thank you
Hi there. I’d like for you to take me anywhere really
Do you do flights out of Milan?
Cool. Dates are Sept 6 to 15
No budget, and I’m traveling alone!
You know exactly what I want! Also please book a trip for 5 days minimum
Ok great. Is the Santo Domingo hotel near the beach?
How about Paris. But is it near a museum?
Does that cost more or less than the Santo Domingo trip?
Whats the exact cost?
Ok book me for Paris, economy!
Thanks!
Denver to Porto Alegre please for multiple passengers
4 kids and 5 adults
I believe I said Porto Alegre
anytime dammit
well that sounds pretty good. what's included?
beach side? we love the beach. Hope it's clean.
well that sucks. got anything on the beach?
why didn't you suggest this in the first place? well I prefer this one, beach it is and love the user rating. Book it please.
Thank you!
Hi there. Do you fly out of Tofino?
Hi there
Can you send me out of Sapporo
Can you fly me to Fort Lauderdale? I can pay whatever it takes
Can you look at Rome as well?
What would I need to pay to find a similar caliber lodging situation in Punta Cana?
Oh ok thats a little bit out of our price range, even if we don't have a strict budget! At this point I like Rome
Would I be able to book it today?
I'm traveling alone, yes. Please book it!
Thanks!
I need to go to Buenos Aires.
Los Angeles if possible
2200 for Buenos Aires
yes
Okay that works but what if I wanted to go to Rome with my mother instead?
If I decided to go to Rome with my mother, I could spend 4700 and go anytime after Sept 6
And if I went to Buenos Aires from Los Angeles, what's that hotel like?
I think I'll got to Buenos Aires, and next year I can got to Rome.
Thank you bot!
Hi there. I'm trying to take the family somewhere nice this month
I've been working hard to save up all year, and have 23400 to spend
Do you have flights to San Jose?
Two adults, 4 children
Flying out of Fukuoka please
Something between September 1 and 9 please
Wow I'm impressed Lets keep that on hold
My wife wanted me to check some other cities out too
Can you take me to Hamburg?
How are your packages to Phoenix?
Ok thats definitely not quite as appealing. Can you put us down for San Jose?
Thanks! Is it confirmed yet?
I have to get home and to be honest with you I'm kinds happy cause I'm sick of carrying around this 50lb backpack!
Berlin. Tofino.
Toronto
How much!
The 3rd is definitely better. What else can you tell me about what this hotel offers?
5 star sounds nice after sleeping on the side of the road for months! But do you have anything cheaper? Not used to spending money like that.
Even if I go down in hotel category or stay a max of 5 days?
I don't need to stay 14 days
No 5 day packages?
Actually. let's just see if we can find something in Sao Paulo out of Toronto.
Tofino To Sao Paulo?
Ugh! I really need to get home...I'll just book the flight leaving on the 3rd.
What was the name of the place again?
The hotel
Yeah that's the one.
thanks bud
Hi there. I’m here to book a trip for my family!
Its just me, my wife, and my son
We live in beautiful Kingston, and we were thinking of visiting Guadalajara
Well, I work on my own schedule as a writer so dates are entirely flexible. What is far less flexible is my budget
I only have 1900
I was also thinking about Mexico City. Even a short trip would do, like two days
That is…it :disappointed:
Hi there. Can I use your services to leave Puebla?
Boston please. Sometime between September 1 and 16
unlimited budget, but hoping for something in the four star range
Me, and potentially a friend. But just search for 1 adult right now
Thats fine, but I would probably tell you to look up another place right after :wink: You know what, lets just skip to that
check dallas for me
Goiania?
Wow just not my lucky day. How about...Mexico City
cool! what amenities at each?
how much does the 3.5 cost
I think that would be the best choice! business isn't too exorbitantly priced so that's what I'll have
and book for two please
still okay
thank you!
I have a number of potential destinations. Trying to narrow them down a little
So we are departing from Pittsburgh
There are 9 of us: 2 adults and 7 children
With 9400, can we get to Chicago?
The time frame would be Sept 8 to 20
Thats doable. Can you also look up Fort Lauderdale?
Perfect. I didn’t even think we had much of a choice with our low budget, but I’m pleasantly surprised
I’m going to push my luck a little more
Can you check Belem?
I’d like to know more about Fort Lauderdale. Specifically, the dates and prices
That one is good enough
economy please!
Thank you so much
I have a massively important meeting in St. Petersburg. I am in Rome at the moment.
asap
I can got to Punta Cana instead to meet them.
From Rome?
Let's do it. Thanks for getting me there! Make sure to send me the hotel name.
I'll be able to prepare for my meeting on business, worth the extra $. Thanks anyway.
Gracias!
It seems that a lot of us grandmas are winning the jackpot lately haha  I guess we're the ones at the casino the most. oh yes i want to take my six bratty grandchildren with me and spoil them even more
Rome where I can drink some nice red wine while the run amok
Calgary
I can spend my entire winnings of $4300 who knows how long I'll be around
that would be fun except I would have to rob a bank to get the difference
Leon also has nice red wine
...okay how about Minneapolis, cause they must have some nice red wines there
It sounds good but we MUST be near the park so I can relax and drink my wine while the children run amok
I do hear Pennsylvania puts out some nice wines :mask: Is breakfast for the children included? And what is the rating on this hotel?
Did I mention they start school on Sept 29 so we must be back?
They don't get out of camp until Sept 14 so we cannot fly out before then.
So this is like a 4 day package?
Well it all sounds really good except for the crappy Minneapolis, Minnesota wines. Please go ahead and process this before I change my mind.
Thank you, my dear, sweet friend, you have been oh so helpful.
hi
I'm about to be a newlywed as of September 8
Cleveland. we'd like to go to Atlanta for a week
2300 for the two of us
anytime after our wedding
Hello. Do you have five star hotels for me in Osaka?
I'm leaving from Maceio. Well
...We...
My friend and I
We have all the money in the world, my friend!
We can travel whenever. I do have obligations back here on the 19th of September
None at all? Then try getting me there from Baltimore instead
There's no better hotel? We're used to five star hotels
Let me ask my friend, one second...Ok we'll settle for this
Um business
Thank you
Hi there
You can take me to Tampa. Whats the nicest hotel you have there?
I just want to ascertain that it is somewhere a pop star might stay at. You can verify that you don't have anything better in town?
I’ll take your word for it! Ok lets talk numbers
I have 1300
And I’d like to get there on September 12
Portland
I don’t need business class. Well actually
It can’t hurt I suppose
Yes I’m down
Lets do it
Thats it
I'm so excited, I get to take my entire team anywhere I want! Money is no object. Just gotta make it fit into out busy schedule. We can only go between August 31 and September 3rd.
Tofino will be our point of departure
I'll try someone else, sayonara
Hi. I’m working with a tight budget
Turns out there’s not much pay for struggling, mildly alcoholic writers
I know, right?
Anyway
Looking for a bit of a break
Have 2500 to spend on a trip for my wife, me, and our son
Can you get us from Brasilia to Essen?
How about Brasilia to San Diego?
I have 3900 to spend and not a penny more. I want to go to Kochi to Punta Cana. What do you have for me?
From Kochi to Punta Cana
Can I go to Sao Paulo then?
Dates don't matter as long as we stick to my budget. Which hotel has a better rating?
Can you tell me a little more about the hotel with the 3 star rating?
this one seems to fit the bill. Can you give me some flight information please?
you may book this package for me.
thank you
Hello. I'd like to leave from Tel Aviv
And go to Puebla
I'm traveling with 6 adults including myself. We have 2200 between us
How about......if we left from Tofino?
How about......if we went to Portland instead
...but this time...
...with 3 adults...
...and...
...wait for it...
...2500 in cold, hard, cash
Whichever works
Well I can't say I didn't try hard enough
I have 0 budget. But big dreams
I’m heading out from Tampa
Going to Campinas
But I’m ok with any destination really
Ok that was a stretch. Just trying to see if you would glitch and give me a freebie
But for real, where can I go with 400$?
It would be nice to get out of the country! What hotel could you find me in Punta Cana?
That is a bargain and a half. Does the hotel also serve free breakfast?
WHY SEE THE WORLD, WHEN YOU’VE GOT THE BEACH?? you speak wise words
sign me up
That is all, my friend
What good is money if I can't spend it??? I have 5600 saved up, can't actually travel, but want to see where I could go if maybe things were different and I had time off work. Like for example
Would I be able to go from Ulsan to Washington?
Oh. Ulsan to..Paris?
Ok this isn't working out as intended. Do you fly from Ulsan to London?
Ok. Last chance
Ulsan to Dublin
Hi! I need to check out several destinations with you! Are you able to help me?
Denver is where I live. Buenos Aires is one of the destinations on my wishlist.
The 8th to 19th would work, although I am off work until the 28th. Can you tell me the name of the hotel & all the pertinent information so I can make a list?
Hmmmm sounds like a good one but I want to see what else you have.  How many days total is this package?
Next destination: Punta Cana
Was Buenos Aires on business class too? I need to keep them all on the same type of flight so that I am comparing apples to apples.
Okay let's keep them all in economy for now. Can you tell me the name of the hotel & all the pertinent information please?
Okay let's keep all the comparisons on packages 13 days in length, if possible. What services are provided with this hotel?
amenities?
Let's look at Belem now with the same consistent parameters.
Fantastic! I have one more final destination on my wishlist - Columbus!
Buenos Aires is pretty expensive, Punta Cana too cheap, so I am between Belem and Columbus.
How much is that one?
I think I'll stick to the 11 day package in Belem at Las Flores, seems like the best deal and it had a good user rating. Let's book that one.
Hi there
I have 6500 to spend on my parents. Want to get them out of Santo Domingo
Tomorrow to the 19th
Any destinations offer such a possibility
That is…amazing. This is for two adults and under 6500?
I was going to review my options But I will be impulsive and seize this opportunity
Please
Thank you!
Hi Do you fly from Ulsan to London??
Hi there. San Antonio to Mexico City
no budget
I am!
I just need the entire trip to be somewhere between September 12 and October 2
Business I guess
Well obviously the better one
This isn't bad, However it is my prerogative to check some other cities out
What about Punta Cana?
I'm glad I asked then!. Can you look at San Diego for me?
Is it me, or do these packages keep getting better? Ok one last spot to check
Chicago?
Ok Lets lock in San Diego
Hi there. Could you please get me from Cleveland to Manaus?
Between September 6 and 13 please
They aren’t really
Hi there. I need flights from Beijing to Busan
For 3 adults
thanks!
Long Beach to Kingston, business only
uno
I can travel between September 1st and September 14
Nothing with a higher rating?
Okay I'll take it
Hi. I am leaving from Recife
Trying to see if there are any 5 star hotels in Sendai
Barely, but tell me more
Is there free breakfast at the Kirei?
Ok I’ll roll the dice. But yes let me know the dates I can get at Kirei
Keep in mind I need to back before the 8th of September, preferably
Done, done, done.
Yes
Yes I will wire the money over shortly. Is this booked?
My team and I need to get to San Diego. Need to leave by Sept 6. It is a matter of life and death!
We are 4 adults. We need to leave from belo horizonte.
I'm sorry, did I say the 6th? I meant the 8th. We need to leave on or after the 8th!
How much for this one on economy? Can you check Kobe too please? I'll have to pick one, hope it's the right one!
Anything cheaper in Kobe?
I guess that decides it, San Diego it is cause we only have 12600 to spend! Hope the rumours are right!
Hi there. I have 2000 to spend on my lovely parents
I want to get them out of Puebla sometime this month
September 3 to 16
Whats the longest trip you can book me?
Where would this lovely trip be to?
Is there anything else thats of comparable length?
How's the hotel in San Diego?
Its got a better guest rating than the other one so lets go with this. Definitely flying economy class
When my hip hop career takes off, I'll buy them business class
Hello bot! Could you do me a favour and check if you do flights from Barcelona to Manas?
What about to Essen??
Oh good! What's the deal with this one?
Its already so much cheaper than what I had expected to pay that I’m ok with business class Lets confirm this order :slightly_smiling_face:
Yes!!!!!
I'd like to make a pilgrimage from Jerusalem to Indianapolis. there are 8 of us in total
Can you get me to Kyoto
I need to be there for at least four days
I’m on the road so I can head there from any origin point. Budget is 3500
two adults. oh and please find me a place near a park
but the park?
Ok then scratch that. Try Maceio
Great news
Okay! Regal would be my choice for Maceio
Whats the most compatible hotel in Rome that you can get me?
Ok then lets just go with Regal please!
What are the associated costs?
This is for two adults?
Book it, bot!
Thank you!
YOU FLY OUT OF BEIJING?
RECIFE TO NEW YORK 1800 6 ADULTS MAKE IT HAPPEN
DONT BOTHER. HAVE A GOOD EVENING!
I need to book a vacation. ok I’m leaving from Rio de Janeiro
I don’t particularly care about where we go
5 adults and two children. We can travel between the second of September and the eighteenth
Yes, 13500 dollars.
out of all these options I am of course most intrigued by Pittsburgh! do tell me more
Sounds very nice! What would be the price of this getaway?
Not bad, not bad. Before I proceed with anything can you tell me what your package for Rosario is like?
What are the dates for the Punta Cana package?
Oh dear.. and could you remind me what the Pittsburgh dates were?
I think we’ll go ahead and book Pittsburgh.
Hello
Trying to see if I can take my kids with me to see my wife in Portland. And we would be leaving from Washington
4 children. just me as an adult
i'm not too picky on dates
What about if we traveled together to Paris then
The latter please
not really, i'd like to treat the kids to something nice if I can. what kind of hotel?
Does the Hotel Regal Universe have free breakfast??
and the dates?
Could we afford business class for our entire group?
Ok lets go ahead and confirm this!
Thank you!
We have 6 adults looking to book a trip
Can you look into flights from Nagoya to Busan?
Between all of us, we have 17600
We want to fit the trip in between sept 8 to 18
is there a nicer hotel in that city?
ok in that case, can you take a peek at the options in hiroshima?
Would there be a better hotel in Hiroshima if we increased the budget?
add 1000
Ok then book us for business class then!
Thanks!
kyoto to boston
After sept 11. return by sept 25
just me
what is the cost
when do i leave?
book it please
we have a big group to book for!
4 adults 7 kids. leaving from washington. can you just give me some options that cost less than 30300
After September 12
Indianapolis? anything on the beach there
Does it come with free parking? Could look into renting a car
What is the rating for this hotel?
Could we afford anything better there?
Whats the best thing you can get me in SL?
Can you check whats in Dublin?
What about in San Antonio?
Hamburg then??
Yes I’d like to confirm
business would do
Thanks!
Hey, I need a break from work, a break from SL
i’d be leaving from indianapolis thinking about going to Fortaleza september 2 until the tenth
Oh, yes tell me more about the 9.32 guest rating hotel!
can you tell me whats available in Queenstown from Indianapolis - same dates?
In Fortaleza, is the 7.15 guest rating hotel on the beach by any chance?
well in that case I think we should go with the higher rated option
i think ill splurge for business!
thank you , i need it :smile:
GET ME TO KYOTO!!!
I AM LEAVING FROM VITORIA!!!
WELL ME AND TWO OTHER TRAINERS BUT I NEED TO BOOK A SEAT FOR MY PIKACHU AS WELL!!
NO BOOK 5 SEATS PLEASE
YES!!!!!!!!
I CAN GO ON SEPTEMBER 12TH OK
NO I DONT CARE JUST GET ME TO THAT MEWTWO!!!!!!!!!
WHATS THE COST. WHAT IS THE HOTEL NEXT TO
GREAT! WHATS THE PRICE FOR THE FIVE OF US?
WE CAN SPEND 13700 WHAT IS CHEAPER FROM THOSE OTHER TWO PACKAGES ON DIFFERENT DATES?
I COULD BE LOOKING TO GO TO SAN ANTONIO...
SAME DATES AND BUDGET AND STILL 5 OF US. YES, FROM VITORIA
YEAH SURE!!!!
WHAT IS THE RATING?
OK …. WHAT ABOUT A HIGHER RATING
LETS BOOK THAT PACKAGE
THAN KU
Hi there!
I'm trying to see if I can get 13 adults and 2 kids to Miami
We would be leaving from Tel Aviv
Thats the only place we can manage, thanks though
ONE first class ticket to Santios
Kingston
try Leon
Anytime is good. But please get me into a nice hotel
Put me near the beach! Do you do business class flights?
Yes do that
Do you do flights out of San Antonio?
We don’t know. But there are 4 adults and 12 kids to book for
3600
Is it between Sept 18 and 22
What if we changed it to Sept 18 to 29 now
What about Denver? IF need be, we can up our budget to 3800
But thats the only hotel in Calgary we can get?
Okay then we’ll go with that please
Economy will be just fine
Looking to go to Guadalajara
Toluca
We would be 3 adults and 3 children. We aren't picky about dates but we would like to review our hotel options
Okay, would we be able to travel here from Toluca?
3800 for the group. Which one has the better guest rating?
And what would be the total cost for the 8 day package at the former?
Then lets do business class!
can u book a couple adults out of alexandria? send em anywhere i dont care. sept 16 until the 29th
2700 i got saved up, make it count
5 stars, my parents are gonna go for that. what amenities are included. and how much is it gonna cost me
yea go for it, book it
oh heck yeah!! economy - I need the money
Hello. Looking to travel out of Leon with a client
I want to find a really nice hotel to impress him - have big business deals to close
Denver would be one choice. With an unlimited budget, can you describe the best trip money can buy?
Anytime after September 6
Thats a good start. near the university?
ok great. lets check some other places in that case
look into the best package in brasilia?
I like that its near the beach, but 3.5 star is a little low. Lets also check out Punta Cana then
Ok book 2 adults business class to Denver
Excellent, thank you
I'm inquiring to see if you have trips from San Jose to Calgary
Sometime between September 7 and 27 would be best
IS this hotel near a park?
Would you be able to tell me the cost for a 14 day stay?
Don't mind if I do!
hello there
i am in need of some price comparisons, I can leave from wherever
I have requests for my available window between sept 12 until the 29th. can you tell me what you offer in Milan
4300 dollars
ok - whats the price and whatre the hotel details?
hmmm downtown - sounds a little congested. I need something near a park
if I can’t get that in Milan then I’ll try Ciudad Juarez
4 at the least
what about in Long Beach?
whats the package?
awesome! is breakfast included? And parking?
lets go ahead and book it
please
thank you much appreciated
Hi there. Looking to get out of Toronto with a few friends
We don't need to go far, but we would like to see how far our budget can stretch us as far as luxury hotels
We have 6200
6 of us
all adults.
we'd like to fit this trip between sept 1 to 12
yes, what do you have for us in calgary?
can we get a better hotel in Vancouver? 2 star hotel definitely wouldn't be our first choice
but do also look at Vancouver for me please
Booking business class flights still leaves us with some room
Yes why not
business
Great, thanks a lot!
I got married in Puebla this past tuesday
glad to hear it! Ok so we’d like to go to Brasilia for 11 days and between the two of us we have 3300
lets try going to fortaleza
and it fits in our budget?
do we have to pay for breakfast at the hotel?
what are the dates?
yes put us down
Thank you!
Do you do flights out of Punta Cana?
I had Kochi in mind, but I’m not sure if there are actually flights there?
I have September 11 to 17 off, budget isn't a problem. I want the longest trip
Is anything included with the room?
Can you also check Sydney for me?
is there a better hotel in kochi by chance?
ok lets book the one you found me then!
yes it will be just me. whats the cost?
ok i’ll just do economy this time
HEY-OH! I need to leave Indianapolis tomorrow after my wedding
two adults travelling, of course, and we want to go to Kingston for 9 days. What can you give me?
we can spend 1700… anything for that price?
What’s the guest rating? more appealing?
yes, certainly. we don’t need to stay 9 days. what else is there?
located near anything interesting?
the hotel is nice.. but what could we get in Montreal?
what’s the price?
any other amenities included?
when do we leave?
ok - let’s book it
Can you get me out of Pittsburgh on Sunday the 11th
i got 3700 to my name
yes can you get me to essen?
the 3 star? how much it cost?
ok get me out on economy. but it leaves september 11 yes?
how about the 2 star? as in the earliest departure
ok i'll take what gets me out of here the earliest
yeah just get me on the economy flight
santiago to burlington, go!
no budget. but it has to be between sept 7 and 15, ok?
What are the dates?
Okay but what about Columbus, you go there?
does Cleveland work within my dates?
And Leon?
Does the Burlingtonian hotel have good amenities?
Yeah seeing as the dates are a good match, I've never been, and its not that much more expensive, lets book that
Economy would be fine
thanks!
Hello, there!
We want to take our five kids out of Cairo
First on the list is St. Louis. Trip would need to be between now and September 18
Have 9400 budgeted, hope thats enough! :slightly_smiling_face:
Would this hotel offer free wifi? I’d like to still be able to work if anything came up.
Not to waffle too long on this decision, but can I also see what you have available in Guadalajara?
I’ve heard Santo Domingo also has some nice beaches, got anything there?
Ok that SL choice really wasn’t bad, lets just book that
I want to treat my family, lets do business
Will do! Thanks!
get me out of berlin
dont care
1
8th-11th
ok. details
price?
can you upgrade me to business class please
go for it. book please
Hi there
I have September 13 to 25 off
Dallas. Can you look at flights to Belem?
Lets consider this independently of any budget for now
can you also tell me what you can find me in Denver?
Lets go with Belem now
Lets do Business class
Just looking into vacations departing Phili. Where could I go for under 1200?
yup
Sept 12 to 20
Whats the hotel in San Diego?
Ok, would you do any better in Toronto?
What about in Dublin?
San Antonio?
Ok just to put you through one last search, whats good in Long Beach?
Could you tell me more about the Toronto hotel?
Lets book it
economy please
thanks!
I am just DYING to get to Madrid and check out this hot new food truck that serves llama meat tacos. I’m on a limited budget though.. so if you could get me there sometime in the next month or so for like 1100 bucks it would be AMAZING. Let’s try leaving from Las Vegas maybe?
Ahhh fine.. try leaving from Kyoto.
Ok well there’s a new boutique maple candy shop that just opened in Vancouver.. how much can I get there for from Las Vegas?
Doesn’t matter, I have an open schedule
I can afford either?
Tell me the details on each so I can make an informed decision.
Do you know if either of them are in the heart of the city?
Let’s book Western Ridge
Wonderful. thank you very much!
I need to impress some clients with an extravagant trip
I was thinking I'd wine and dine them in Kochi. Do you have flights there from Montreal?
nope, the more I spend the better actually
2 adults
I'd like to leave after today
Phoenix then?
Philadelphia??
do you even do flights out of Montreal??
essen to osaka. sept 2-16
one
what if i change the dates and leave a day earlier
I’d like to see where I can go from Hiroshima. Between now and September 5
yes, 1400
Yes
What if I stretch the date range to now and September 18?
Whats the longest trip you have out of those choices?
And out of those, which one has the best hotel?
How many stars this hotel have?
What dates can you get me for this one?
What would it cost in total?
economy please
sign me up, boss
Thanks!
I have a movie shoot to go to in Salvador. Get me there from Belem
Get me to Brasilia then
what amenities does that 3.5 star have
7 days, business class then
Can you remind me of the dates?
hello
i live in new york. i have 2600 dollars to spend. i can travel between september 5th and 24th.
what can you find me in leon
the longer the better!
what about Valencia?
amenities?
lastly (and certainly least) what about San Francisco
the beach and palace in Leon sound amazing. I think i wanna book that
but what are the dates though
i want it
thanks my dude
Ok! So I am planning a trip with my 6 best friends. We want to go from Guadalajara to somewhere else
First on our list is Cairo. Could you get us there?
we have 6400 budgeted. and we would have to keep this trip between Sept 9 to 23
Cairo would be our top choice
Could we find a better hotel if we increased the budget by 1000?
I know I should be more open-minded, but this time around we really wanted to go to Cairo
Ok lets book that!
Hello, get me to Frankfurt. Leaving Punta Cana.
Can you accommodate my lawyer and wife on this trip? As well as my child?
What’s around each of the hotels?
I need to know what is nearby
Book the nicer one
Higher rating.
thanks!
Hello - need to fly out to Queenstown soon
I could leave from two options First is Indianapolis
I’d like to spend at most 4400
Times are flexible for me
That sound superb actually! Could you tell me which hotel it is?
Ok how much would it cost?
I’ll confirm this booking.
Hello. I’m hearing good things about the uni in Hiroshima. I would like to visit there and leave from Burlington.
Correct.
Nope - I’m free as a bird! Aside from having 2 grand to spend, that is.
Well, what if I left from Manaus to Hiroshima?
I guess I’ll have to go to San Juan.
Sure. Go for it.
Sounds good. Is it downtown? Near any nice dive bars or brew pubs?
Ok let’s book that package to San Juan please.
Thanks :smile:
My next destination is Mexico City! But can I get there from Tijuana is the million dollar question
Sometime after today would be great. I have 2300 to spend
I'll take it
could you get me there earlier if at a lower rated hotel though?
whats the cost for that option? and the length of stay
lets do it. time is of the essence here
thank you :pray:
kingston to salvador u got this?
jennifer lawrence does not do budgets, u dig?
whenever bud
ya
send me to chicago
ok whatever book that hotel i guess
tell me the dates so i can notify my friends in Chicago
is it booked?
k good thanks bye
I want to book a flight for myself and 6 grandchildren
Essen please
Pittsburgh would be our point of departure.
3900
Leaving September 6. Returning September 22
But do you have other flights leaving Pittsburgh?
What about Sacramento?
Is that price for me and the six kids?
yes please! and thank you! :slightly_smiling_face:
Thank you! :slightly_smiling_face:
hello! I'd like to book something for myself. i have quite a few vacation days coming up
i'm looking for a cross globe tour. from philadelphia to hiroshima
pittsburgh to guadalajara. What's the cost?
whats the hotel like
what is available in Kingston
what is the price for that package
i think i would prefer Guadalajara
Please.
thanks !!!
ulsan to vitoria, 1 business class ticket
Can you get me to Columbus then
I couldn't tell you unless you tell me what kind of hotel you put me in
yes it could be
There's no 5 star?
I'll have to look elsewhere, 3.5 is lower than I'm willing to accept
I need to get to Baltimore on important business
Houston. I can go whenever
Yes
Have you got any nicer hotels?
Book the original package then, please. Business class.
Thanks - will do
Hi there!
I am looking to fly out to Santos I can leave from two possible cities: one of them is Cancun
no budget. but it needs to be between tomorrow and September 20
I think a 3 star should be suitable for me. I’m not a person with particularly fancy tastes, and neither are any of my 7 companions on this trip
correct!
I need something between the dates of September 3 and 20 ideally.
There’s nothing shorter?
Ok I suppose I can be flexible with my dates. Can you tell me more about the hotel?
leaning towards the 4th to 21st
that sounds very close to what I asked for, good job!
yeah
lets all do business class
Sounds good I meant to say, but also thanks! :slightly_smiling_face:
You too!
Could you get me to Berlin, from Portland?
Could you try again but this time with me departing from Dublin?
can you check flights to baltimore
i can only depart from dublin!
oh yes, my budget is 2100
but which one gets there earliest?
ok then definitely the 16 day package. i assume the prices are for economy class?
no just fly economy please
Yes please :slightly_smiling_face:
Thank you, glad to be going back so soon
Heyyyy there
We’d be leaving from San Antonio Sept 8. Hoping to go to Busan
And we’ve got 4600 bucks to spend
What about in Naples?
Ok! What would the price be?
Ok, great. Can we book the economy package?
Bless you!!
Find me something flashy for 6 adults in Buenos Aires. Its my birthday so I don’t care what it costs
Tijuana
Its my birthday so I don’t care what it costs
Ahh it has potential I suppose.. what points of interest is it handy do? Is the guest rating above 8.22/10
Anything better in Campinas?
Yeah.. not interested. What about in San Antonio?
Yikes. Ok Buenos Aires it is
Book it please
Business class
drop what you’re doing and book me a flgith!
campinas to portland! Now!
nope!
no dates in mind to be honest
are there results for manaus at least?
whats your best hotel in paris?
mannheim
could you get me there on september 7?
And how much would that trip cost?
business if i can afford it  on my 1000 budget
economy it is then how much?
how long would i be able to stay there?
great, i would like to confirm
thank you!
I WANT VACATION PLZ
I LIVE IN MONTERREY
I HAVE 5 THOUSAND DOLLARS AND ONE MORE ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS. I LEAVE AUGUST 31ST COME HOME SEPTEMBER 13TH
I GO BY MYSELF
WHAT IS THE HOTEL IS BARCELONA
OK NOT BAD I WOULD NOT MIND THE BEACH THOUGH WAHT ABOUT LIMA
I LIKE THAT RATING ITS GOOD. OK LAST ONE
WHAT IS THE RIO DE JANEIRO PACKAGE
EHAT IS THE PRICE IN LIMA
WHAT IS THE PRICE FOR BARCELONA
MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE MAKES SENSE I WILL BOOK LIMA BUSINESS CLASS GREAT DEAL
THANK U
Hi there. First off, do you do any flights departing JErusalem?
Looking to take my squad out to Punta Cana! I’ll pay whatever it takes to fly out of Tel Aviv
there are 9
all adults
It has to be between August 31 and September 3
How about results for flights to Tofino?
Do you have any other options leaving Tel Aviv?
I have 8 days off coming up. Really want to get out of the country
the country being brazil
do you have flights to mexico city?
september 9 to 17
Fortaleza. For one adult only
I was actually just googling attractions in Phoenix. do you offer flights there?
Ok lets go with that Mexico City package
I have an uncapped budget but sure, can't hurt to know
How much for economy class
Ok book it!
thank you!
Hello
I’ve been recently graced with a week’s vacation allowance and so I’m looking to see where exactly I should go. I’ll be departing from Rome and I can take my time off on or after September 7th
Not within reason. I haven’t taken a trip in a couple years so I’m not particularly penny-pinching
Ahh sure - can I hear some more about Fortaleza?
Can you tell me what the Burlington hotel would be like?
How about Belem with a higher rating?
What’s the price?
Business please.
That’s about it- thanks so much!
Looking to go from San Francisco to MArseille. Book me for September 18 to 22. Let me know if its more than 2800 because thats all I can afford
I need to book a business trip - something impressive... thinking… las vegas
3 adults find me the best you can out of mannheim after september 11th
Try Fortaleza
Fukuoka?
Las Vegas to Mexico City for 7 please
I prefer the one that lands us a stay at a five star hotel
Lets try Rome then
You have a flagship hotel for us in Fortaleza?
Hello. I need Paris to Barcelonna Sept 18 to 22
2900
6 adults to Rosario from Toluca it needs to be impressive
When does it leave
Can’t leave until 16 of September
Check Porto Alegre
Check Tijuana first
Ok go with Porto. So that’s 6 adults, business class.
Done. Thanks
get me to Manaus from Toronto
whenever I decide to roll onto set
don’t be silly, of course not
Surely you can find me a five star hotel in Marseille right?
Yeah get me on that trip
I have a vacation starting next week, I can hardly contain my excitement Getting out of St. Petersburg for 12 days will be dope. What kind of destinations do you offer?
We will be one
Could you get something on or shortly after Sept 8?
Unfortunately my vacation doesn't start until Sept 8
I really wish I could! But no I don't think I can do that
I'm down for Brazil!
My only complaint about Denver is that its a little too close to home. And that I hate the local sports team there. Do you have other options for me?
But those are my only two options?
Ok I'll suck it up and go to Denver how's the hotel? i know its 4 star but is it near anything nice
How much does the trip cost?
Oh true, I'm actually really glad you told me the guest rating. I think that gives me the confidence to book then
Yes do that
From between Sept 6 and Sept 11, I’m on break. Leaving from Columbus
4800
How’s the hotel in Nagoya?
Ooh tell me more!
What are the key differences between them?
I think the Sanuary holds the edge then. lets book it, business class
Thank you!
im broke but wanna dip out of north vancouver
im broke ok
ok well i can swing 400 bucks. anything else?
uyeah ok well i wanna go for 10 days then in that case
yes book
thanks ur dope
7 business class flights to Mexico City
Las Vegas
Anytime really
But what matters to us is we ball out at 5 star hotels, get snapped by the paps, and rub shoulders with the stars. no budget obviously
What about in Chicago then?
Kingston??
Thanks anyway
I wanna go to Philadelphia
I can leave from Tokyo? And I wanna travel between August 30th and September 14th
Can you book it for 5?
Ok - do you also have an availability in San Francisco by any chance??
Better than Phili hmmm ok let’s book that for 5!
I'll take 9 days Whats the price difference in flights
Ahhh ok economy class please
Nope! Thanks!!
Can you get 4 strapping men out of Sacramento between the dates of August 31 to September 20
Curitiba sounds like its popping this year
We have 16400 saved up!
How many stars this joint got?
But can you check Cancun out for a better hotel potentially?
is the 3.5 star hotel on the beach?
Ok get us that Market Palace then
Thanks bro!
HI SO I NEED TO GO TO LEON I WILL LEAVE ATLANTA AND I WILL TRAVEL BETWEEN SEPTEMBER 13TH AND 25TH GOT IT???
NO I DONT CARE
ME ALONE
FINE DONE OK BOOK IT
GREAT THANK U
Seoul to Long Beach. 4 kids 6 adults. 35400 budget
Times don’t matter
Anything better? If it matters I can also up the budget by another 1000
Damn Long Beach, thats downright embarrassing
But lets go with it You can fit all 10 of my party on the same flight right?
Whats the price for 8 days, with business class?
Sign the team up, pal
I thank thee
Direct flight from san antonio to cancun, does that even exist?
Sept 18 to 22 please
Greetings...friend
Run a lil binary scan there with your programy codey little search enginge and find me a vacation out of Vitoria ok? I don’t particularly care where you send me... I’m free to travel between the sixth of September and the 26th
It is 23 hundred dollars.
Rome sounds better. What is that hotel like?
Sold. Price?
Business it is, what a steal! What are my travel dates?
Perfect! Thanks 
I want to fly from Kabul to denver. 10 adults
HI. Get me to Santiago
Sept 13-24
Leaving from wherever
I will travel alone
4 minimum
Well how much money are they each?
Yes, I can spend 1900 dollars
And is the hotel near a park?
 Museums do not allow live animals though. What can you get me in Osaka
I can leave from anywhere -not just Vitoria
Sure, I frequently travel to Busan. What are the hotel details?
You’ve done a lovely job catering to my needs. Thank you for that. 
Yes please
Gracias!
Hello. Send me to Rosario
Try Denver
And I'm free for 10 days starting the ninth of September FYI. No budget
Fine. Phoenix
Tell me more about the 3 star
Ok ok What is the date range for that package?
And would it be available for 7 adults?
Great, book it
Business please.
Thanks
Hi there, I'd like to book a trip to Punta Cana.
I'll be departing from Detroit. I would be booking for two people
I'd like to leave sometime soon after September 7th for 14 days
What about closer to the end of September? Is the longest trip you have still only 9 days long?
Okay, I'm curious about the 9 day trip starting from September 10th. How much would that cost?
Those are the only two options you have?
I'm afraid that's out of my budget. Could I book a flight to another destination instead please?
I'd like to go to Punta Cana with my husband for a maximum budget of 1300.
Okay great, I'm interested in the 8 day package to Punta Cana that suits my budget then. What is the date of departure?
And how much would it cost?
Oh I'm afraid I can't leave on the 7th. Is there an 8 day package that leaves after the 7th?
Is there a trip to Punta Cana after the 7th that is within my budget that is shorter than 8 days?
Is there anything similar for Punta Cana?
No, it's not. I'm going to have a think about it and decide what I want later.
But thanks for your help!
Heyaaa
So  me and some coworkers need to take a little work trip from last Wednesday until last Saturday.
Sadly it is not a uniform decision... 14 of us wanna go Valencia
From Beijing
Yes, please
Nope
Could you send 6 adults to Vitoria?
Can you send one person literally anywhere from Beijing?
one
london to punta cana
1 man
september 12 unitl 28th
i could leave 7th of sept
nice
please
how much money
economy
wow great deal. how much for business
that is great. please book it for me
great thanks
hi. I need to do some travelling soon
I want to go to Munich maybe
and leave from Munich. between Sept 20 and September 28
no
oh wait. I will leave from Queenstown... alone!
ok tell me about it please
WOW that sounds beautiful! What is the hotel close to?
ahhh ok. I have a different trip in mind too
what about Sao Paulo from Monterrey??
not as nice as Munich. can you book Munich package for 5 adults?&gt;
ah dang. well I wanna book that place anyway
I'll leave my coworkers to do their own thing
book Munich for one please
Business
HI I NEED TO GO ON VACATION I LIVE IN WASHINGTON WHERE CAN I GO
3300 DOLLARS
YEAH
I WANT TO BE PAMPERED
OH OK SOUNDS NICE WHAT IS THE PRICE
YEAH OK
WHERE ELSE COULD I GO THO
OF COURSE!
WHAT IS THE HOTEL RATED
IS IT CHEAPER THAN THE PARIS ONE OR MORE EXPESNIVE
OK IS THERE ANYWHERE ELSE I CAN GO THOUGH???
ARE THEY HIGH STAR RATINGS??
I LIKE PARIS MORE CAN U BOOK PARIS FOR ME
HEY
can you book a trip out of Beijing for a bunch of dudes ?
ahhh like 23
for real though. ahh maybe Cairo
beijing bruh
nah we're throwing company money away for this
september 6-9
Hi there, I'd like to book a trip to Denver please
From Houston. Ideally on Monday September 12th, but my dates are flexible
one adult and 7 children
Yes, I'd like to spend no more than 4500
Actually, I was thinking about a stay under ten days.
Sure, the other destination I was thinking of is Rio de Janeiro
Yes sure, do you have any trips for New York?
Yes, I'm looking for a package that leaves either on or after Monday, September 12 and returns on Wednesday September 21 at the latest.
Are those the only options you have?
Okay great, how much would that cost?
Great, I'll take it! Thanks for all your help!
september 6th-9th my start-up colleagues and I want to get out of Tofino and into Maceio. What's available?
nah
5
WELL. 11 people to Belo Horizonte then
NO. we can go anywhere else though
HEY BUD. I need to get to Mannheim out of Nagoya. I wanna leave Sept 18th
I travel alone
what’s the price?
are those both at the same hotel? what is the hotel like??\
Do you know if its close to anything??
they always have pokestops at parks so that’s GOOD NEWS! what if I went to Santiago though.. there are also whispers of mewtwo appearing there..
yeah. 3900 dollars
i would rather be near the park than the museum...so Mannheim instead please
yeah lets do that PLEASE
thanks, friend
me and my incredibly fun friends wanna get to phoenix from our homes in Hiroshima for 12800
4
we off school for 10 days. september eighth until the 18th
so as long as we can hit PHO we will do ittt
a MUSEUM omg no also we are trying to get away from school not go hang out at one. well what if we went to Osaka can you find us something more fun
bleh. I need something on the beach or with a pool or something
what do you mean? No way
oh. no. bye
Yes please, I'd like to book a trip to Kobe.
It's just going to be me. I'll be coming from Monterrey.
I'd like to travel sometime between Wednesday September 7 and Saturday September 17. My budget is flexible but something affordable would be great.
Yes please!
How much does each package cost?
Oh they sound pretty good! But I'm also curious about other destinations and I'd like to keep my options open.
I was also wondering about a trip to Kochi. Same dates and same city of departure.
How much would the 8 day package cost?
That sounds good, but may I ask about another destination please? I'm also thinking about going to Cancun.
How many days would that be?
I'm also thinking about a trip to BA.
I'll consider the 4 star hotel trips
Oh that also sounds very good. I'd like to choose the trip to Cancun for 10 days.
The business package please!
No, that's perfect.
hello i need to get to Kyoto after the 12th of September. I am leaving from Mexico City
and it is very important I be near possible locations for mewtwo spottings ok?? yeah i am travelling with 3 other adults and all together we have 23700 dollars
how long can we stay there on our budget?? and whne do we leave??
you mean you can't get me there any sooner???
ok what??? 16th to the 9th???
oh. I'd like to stay a little longer than that...
can you find something more suitable in Ciudad Juarez??? cause there is a possibility that mewtwo could be there too
oh that sounds ok. what is that hotel like??? what is it near???
ah ok. but I still wanna check on Ciudad Juarez please
A PALACE. how much would that package be???
SO UNDER BUDGET!! yeah yeah yeah lets do it!
yeah of course !!
you RULE
Me and my terrific wife are actually getting married in Porto and wanna honeymoon in Montreal
any time after the wedding on the 20th
PATHETIC. well can you book something in Brasilia instead??
YOU ARE RUINING MY MARRIAGE
hey buddy. i have some work to do
looking to domesticate a savage little tea cup yorkie in Pittsburgh
I am available between the 12th and 19th of September
I can leave from wherever, so long as it costs me under 3700 bucks
I need access to a dog park. and i will be travelling by myself
saWEEEET. When? What are the details?
Sunny Wolf Inn sounds splendid! what would the dates of travel be?
either is fine, so long as is between 12th and 19th of September. and under 3700 dollars
that would be quite ideal.However, before we rush into that, there is a Tibetan Mastiff in Ulsan with some serious people issues that is deparate for my assistance
can you look into Ulsan packages for me please? No- no booking yet
oh dear, no I don’t think that will be suitable. how about Naples? could you send me there?
They could just be near a park and I would be happy
ahh, ok. so it seems that Pittsburgh is my only viable option
let’s book the higher guest rating hotel with 8.49/10 in Pittsburgh
Wonderful! thank you kindly
So I need a 5 star hotel for 7 adults in Manaus ASAP. Departing from Queenstown
Make it happen
:unamused: No
ASAP means as soon as possible.... just so you know
Queenstown to Stuttgart then
You're pretty useless huh? Ok check Detroit.
FAMILY VACATION ALERT. ha-ha, dad of the year here!
bringing my 6 little offspring to see their mother in London
we would like to leave from our hometown of Brasilia
dates are flexible, as is budget (7 people is gonna get pricey I would assume) how can ya help me out?
dates are flexible, as I've said
We can go to Mexico City and make our way to London from there
but I can handle that, you just check Brasilia to Mexico City for us please
oh it doesn't matter really, but the shorter trips would probably be more suitable so we can head to London sooner. what are the hotel details from the 8th to the 12th?
what a beauty! I'm smitten please proceed with booking
the cheap one from the 7th to the 11th
Thank you, 
HI. vacation please
5300 dollars for 8 days and I leave from Pittsburgh I go to anywhere
no i can take vacation time whenever
mexico. what cities?
What is the La Paz package like
this sounds very beautiful! can i hear the Ciudad Juarez package to compare?
is Juarez hotel on the beach?
ah ok. well I would prefer La Paz. Let us book that.
thank u great
I AM IN BALTIMORE WANT TO GO TO LIMA
SEPTEMER 12 UNTIL SEPTEMBER 27
NO
ME
4 STAR DUH
wow very impressive. WORKS FOR ME LETS BOOK BUSINESS
PLEASE
THANKS
Hi there, I'd like to book a trip from Boston please.
I'd be interested in going to Essen
I'd like to book a trip anytime between Friday September 16 and Tuesday September 27.
Yes, how about Burlington?
How much does each one cost?
Could you please tell me about trip packages to Calgary?
Yes I do! For the 11 day stay in Burlington, that's from Friday September 16 to Tuesday September 27, right?
Okay, that's perfectly fine! I'd like to book that trip, please. Flying economy.
Thank you!
hello i am going to go to baltimore some time between september 10th and september 24th
cleveland
i will spend whatever i need to
yes i am alone
thank you
hi my friend i am going to take a vacation. but i want to go many places
i am unsure where i shall go
i will leave from vancouver
can you tell me about Athens? what is available there?
that is right!
I can go from the 12th until the end of September
Nope! No max!
What is the hotel like? what is included?
What do guests think of it?
ah - not a risk I’m looking to take as of yet. What’ve you got available in Dublin?
No, not particularly. Let’s look at Kochi
When would I leave?
Any amenities?
Ah, ok. One last spot to check out : San Juan
oh that’s great. definitely best rated hotel yet
no free breakfast tho?
that is ok. what is the cost of that package?
let’s go for business
spectacular book please
Hey there. I just want you to entertain me
I can't take any trips right now..
but if I could would I be able to get to Belem for under $3900?
I'm in Los Angeles
I would also love to explore the lush surroundings of Santos
Would I ever be able to get there with my mere 3900?
If only I could get the vacation days off.. I could be there today :sleepy: I have one other place that tops my bucket list
Vancouver
What've you got there?
Wow - so cheap. What a steal!. Thanks for looking at my options for me, but for now I'll just be stuck here at work
HI there, I need to book a trip to La Paz. And I'll be departing from Belem.
We'll be 4 adults and 6 children.
I'm willing to pay a total of 15100
How much does it cost with the economy package? And how many days would it be?
If I am willing to increase my budget by about $1500, what else can you find for me?
Okay, I want to take the package you already mentioned, but what if I increase my budget by $1500?
No, I think the 8 day package at a 4 star hotel should be good enough!
Yes please!
Thank you very much!
hi. paris to curitiba on september 24 please
i can spend 2300 dollars and must be home by 27th
yes
Hey I think you can help me get from Stuttgart to Toronto right??
Yea!! I'm travelling with 2 other trainers - we can spend up to 8600 dollars
We wanna leave on or after the 18th of this month
I wanna leave a bit sooner. Can we go sooner if we went to Cancun?
Ok, well tell me more about that place
Before I go ahead with that can you still tell me whatcha got in Cancun?? I hear that Mewtwo might have been spotted there more recently than Toronto..
Ok, thanks.. I think the Toronto package is better though. Cathedrals and old stuff like that are usually great pokestops
What!? How could you not have told me that before! Cancun it is!
Oh ah the 21st to 2nd of Oct please. Thats the cost you gave me before right?
oh ok sorry. Yes, that is fine as they are both in my budget
21st trip please
Thank you !
HI. I have to book my honeymoon … but I’m getting married in Fukuoka a week from today!!
Can you book something for two adults? We aren’t going far, just Hiroshami

Yes, rgiht
We are on a tight budget. The wedding was costly..
We have 1100 dollars left over
Oh god, I am blessed! Can you tel lme what the hotel is like? Is it highly rated?
That is not bad at all. How much for the two of us?
Hey, sweet! 200 bucks leftover! Ok pal, its no 5 star palace, but its affordable! Book that for two please
Thanks !
Hi there! I'm looking for a nice getaway trip sometime between tomorrow and Monday September 26
I'll be coming from Seoul and I'm thinking about going to Curitiba
No, it will be me and my best friend.
No budget, just give me the best you've got!
You don't have any hotels with 4 stars? And only 8 days? I prefer something longer!
Huh I don't know.
Yeah let's try Sydney. I want the best and I've got like two and a half weeks of free time.
6 days only? I was hoping for something longer.
I think Curitiba must be better then.
I think I'll take the beachside hotel deal for 8 days if that's the best there is.
I'll take the package
Thank you.
I want to leave Kabul on or after Sept 6 please
Well I will leave from Tel Aviv then
Hi. I'm just here at work.... stuck at the old computer desk
Stuck dreaming about a better place than this one
I have been wanting to get out of Santa Cruz for ages now
But I never have any vacation days..
I really wanna go to Minneapolis
Yeah.. I have 3100 in my savings account.
Would I able to get to Kobe maybe?
Hiroshima???
hello. I have internship offerings and I need to check out a few cities
im leaving essen and can only spend 2900 dollars, got it???
punta cana
I’m free from the 13th until the 21st of september
Unrated huh? sketchy.. i dunno. check Alexandria please
What kind of user rating does it have
that’s quite nice. do you have anything to rival that in Denver?
nice.. but which of them has the most amenities?
oh ok. i wont be renting a car so i dont care about that
how long is the package in denver
ok. I want denver please
how much? is that within my budget?
oh wow - let’s do that then
awesome
So I hear there are just AMAZING pork belly sliders at this little food boutique in Ulsan. I reallllly wanna check out the foodie scene there!
I'll be in Calgary for the rest of this week and I'm wondering if I can get there for 4000 dollars
I'm free to go whenever
Can you tell me about them?
Very detailed - I appreciated that.However, as much as I do love the BBQ, I also have to look at Recife, as I also thoroughly enjoy the variety of food available there
For that one though could you look for flights out of New York?
I think I'd be stopping back there before heading out
That isn't bad.. but out of the two I'm gonna pick Sapphire Time. book that one for me, would ya?
Great, thanks a bunch :smile:
Hi there! Hi there, I'm looking to book a trip from Tel Aviv, but I'm still undecided about destinations.
I have a couple of places in mind though.
Long Beach to Belo Horizonte September eighth
sure
Seattle please leaving Jerusalem
pokemon hunter extraordinaire here. get me and my fellow trainer to Phili from Recife!!!
we can leave next tuesday
yeah. 67 hundred dollars
two
hmmm ok. what could i get in santo domingo cause that’s supposed to be like a mewtwo breeding ground!
the package on the 13th to Philadelphia sounds better. its longer and I get to go hunting as soon as I can
book economy class, got it?
Hi there, I'd like to book a trip!
I haven't really decided a destination yet. We're leaving from Buenos Aires and we're looking for a nice family vacation.
Oh it's going to be a huge family vacation, so we'll be 5 adults and 7 children! We're looking for something between Monday September 12 and Monday September 19.
Yes please! That would be great. I don't want to spend any more than $29, 400 total
Oh wow they all sound so good. Which ones are the most affordable?
Oh I'll see what the longest and best trips are! Please tell me about them. Let's start with San Diego!
Let's try La Paz!
Ooh sounds nice! How much would that cost in the end?
Wow that sounds really good! What are the departure and return dates of this trip?
That's perfect. Could you please book that for me for economy?
Thank you so much!
Nope, it's all good. Have a nice day!
I am SO done with my job right now. I wanna take a nice two week vacation and getting out of Rome
what could you get me in Curitiba?
ok ..... well I'd settle on Essen
you are a disgrace. what about in St. Petersburg?
I have clients to meet with in Rome, I need to travel there some time soon - anytime, any price.
I can leave from Berlin
No, I alone
Ideal. Book business flights please
You’re great
Let me tell you about the succulent oysters I had last time I was in Kingston..
I'm trying to get back there though, and to leave from Stuttgart
For 4300 dollars
Yea
I'm travelling alone ; helps me focus on my sensitive pallet
Higher stars are my preference, heart of the city or near a market helps too. Usually close to good restaurants
Cosmos Inn sounds like a better location
However I would love to hear about San Juan 's accommodation offerings.
Heyy that sounds awesome! What's the price difference between that one and Kingston's package in the heart of the city?
Hmm but yea, San Juan is still a little more appealing...Can we book that one?
:ok_hand::knife_fork_plate:
hi i want to go to toluca from burlington ok
yes 2600
September sixth. But dates are flexible
what about for 2900
oh. No
I want to go to Fukuoka and I want to leave from Kabul.
3100 dollars
September 6th
Hi, I'm looking to book a flight to Berlin please.
Birmingham
Ideally sometime between Tuesday September 13 and Wednesday September 28.
Nah just me.
Yes please! Are they fairly affordable?
The 14 day package is more expensive than the 15 day package one?
Oh wow that's odd. What are the departure and return dates for the 15 day package then?
Wow that sounds great. What else can you tell me?
Wow, that's amazing! You said this was a 5 star hotel right?
That's perfect. I'll take it!
That's excellent, thank you very much!
HaaaAAAaaaYYYY. I’m just a normal girl, just like everybody else, I just wanna go to Monterrey ok??
I can leave from wherever !
omg NooOoOo
Whenever!
Nope!! I can just do my thang whenever however long
WHAAAAT omg. You  must have something in Columbus available for me
oh god 3.5. BUT Book me the package anyway I’ll just crash with my girl if the concierge is chill
thanks omg this has been such a pleasant experience!! Booking trips just like everyone else HA
sooooo. in a bit of a pickle here and i need outta Tel Aviv ASAP.
can ya get me to valencia?
ahhh jeez ya killin me! what if I fly outta Boston?
i got 2800 bucks to my name
but i wanna save as much of that as i can for the craps tables
What the heck are you sayin... i dont wanna go to South America i wanna go to Valencia!
why i oughta.... if you're not gonna fly me from boston to valencia you may as well consider yourself dead
i'm not kiddin around here
from Boston???? that's a push..
what about Boston to Tokyo?
Hi! I’ve got a little duty to take care of - family vacation time :smile:
Me and the gang are looking to get out of Barcelona from September 6th until the 15th. We’ve got a few destinations in mind - hows about Mexico City?
2 adults and 6 kids
Ok, that is within our 15 thousand dollar budget. But my kids really love La Paz.. so let’s check that place out
wow - nice! Any parks or beaches nearby for the young wippersnappers?
ok. I wanna check out Milan then
hmm, its not really long...I wanna get the family out of the house for as long as we can
ahh, ok. well if they’re all the same length.. I think I would be best off going with what the kids are interested in
Mexico City package will be the best for us
what is the difference between the two Mexico City packages? not in price, in hotel
even cheaper for a higher guest rating?! we’ll take it
yes, hi. i have to bring 4 clients - real big whigs, need to be well handled - on a schmoozing trip
we can leave after the tenth, whenever.. and want to maybe go to Manaus from Fort Lauderdale
wow, no need to yell. 5 of us
right, for however long I need to to make this big sale
oh it makes no difference
no, it isnt. check Mexico City
Dude.. you're killing me. check out Naples for me. I need a LUXURY experience
I guess that'd have to do. what are the amenities?
that sounds fine. book business class please, you know how many travels?
great - do it
you're a lifesaver
Hi there, I'm looking to go to Stuttgart please.
I'll be coming from Hiroshima.
Just me! I'm thinking of going there for a while.
I'm thinking about 6 weeks or so. I'm kinda flexible.
6 weeks, not 6 days. Sorry! Can you do that?
Oh I see. In that case, do you have any trips to Kingston anytime soon?
Sometime this week or next week. I'm flexible.
Yeah, shorter trips would be great.
That sounds great. Could you give me more details?
That sounds really good. Can you add anything to the package?
Okay cool, thanks. How much does it come to?
I'll take business please.
Nope, I'm all good, thanks!
i live in toluca but want 2 vacation somewhere can u help me
no i  want a vacation for myself
i have 4 thousand, eighth hundred dollars... and i can travel between sept 6-19
oh wow that sounds amazing!! is there a spa?? can i get free breakfast??
well where else can i go
ok what's the next best?
not impressive... so.. Rome or Leon
well Leon is a nicer hotel - how long is the Rome trip tho?
minor difference. I prefer Leon in that case
yeah, do that please
much appreciated
hello. lima please
osaka
5300 dollars
yes for one adult
september 14th i start my holidays. and i must be back to work october 4th
I want to stay on the beaches and near markets, and I want free wifi
that is pretty good...book the 4 star please
11 days how much would that cost?
economy please
i appreciate your assistance
Hi there, I'd like to book a trip for the family, but we haven't decided on a destination yet.
From Sapporo.
Pretty big. It'll be 3 adults and 7 kids.
Pretty soon, but no earlier than Thursday September 8
I don't want to spend any more than $54700
Yes! Wednesday September 28
Longest I guess! Ones that will make the most of my budget!
Oh that sounds good! But what is the city of destination?
Oh wow that's really good. Is that the best option you have?
Do you have anything else comparable?
Wow, that also sounds very nice. How much would that one cost?
How much does the Porto Alegre package cost for economy?
You know what, I'll take the Porto Alegre package, and for business class!
Perfect, thank you!
I need a 5 star hotel in Berlin
Detroit. After Monday, the 12th
no - not budget
The package must be impressive - keep that in mind. I’m bringing 5 high class clients so 6 adults in total/
That sounds suitable for some business fat cats. Have you got anything that rivals that package, but in Cordoba?
Ok, what are the sights like near that hotel? And the amenities?
Ah, ok. Is there anything available in downtown Vancouver? Perhaps near some hot shopping districts, bars, etc..
Ah, that’s not impressive. Well I think I’d prefer Cordoba to Berlin..
Let’s book that - business class
Thank you, my friend
TORONTO PLEASE AND FROM BELO HORIZONTE
YES ONE ADULT MAN
I LIKE EVERYTHING I WANT TO KNOW EVERY LITTLE DETAIL AND I WANT TO COMPARE IT ALL
NO I HAVE UNLIMITED MONEY
I DUNNO I GUESS SO
OK THAT IS PRETTY GOOD. ANYTHING BETTER IN CLEVELAND??
WHAT ABOUT IN PITTSBURGH
IT IS IN SAN DIEGO??
WELL WHERE CAN I STAY IN MACEIO
THAT SOUNDS VERY NICE
HOW LONG IS THE TRIP TO HOTEL ERIC PERRIER
I WANT TO DO HOTEL REGAL IN MACEIO. BOOK PLEASE
GOOD BYE
Hi there, I'm looking to book a trip to Manaus. Do you think you can help me find the best deal?
My family and I will be coming from Leon.
I'll just be going with my wife and son.
Yeah actually, I do. I have absolutely no plans of spending beyond 2900.
Are you sure about this? Not even for just a few days?
No i'm afraid not!
Thank you.
out of kabul
birmingham??
3300 dollars. for 13 adults
well i can leave from jerusalem instead
I want to go to San Juan.
Detroit.
2300
September 12th
Yeah
By September 20
That’s fine. Thank you!
Hey, I'm looking for a trip from Tokyo to Atlanta.
I need to get there ideally on Tuesday September 13, or after if I can't.
Nah, I'll stay as long as my budget can afford to. But I'd like the best hotels you've got.
yes!
Is that the best hotel you've got?
What would the departure date be for that?
Do you happen to have a longer package deal?
Okay sure, I'll take it!
I'll take business.
Thank you!
Can you get me and my family a vacation that departs from Jerusalem?
Tampa
14 adults 13 children.
Looking to book a swanky business trip - I have a few fish on the hook and I need some impressive digs to reel em in. There’s 5 of us, we’re in Munich, and I want to hear about your best hotel in Montreal
We’re leaving after 9/11
No, no budget.
Ok, what about a 5 star in Sao Paulo? I’ll keep that first package in mind.
Ok… Montreal looks good then. Just check Buenos Aires for me first.
I like the sound of that one. Heart of the city would be better than near a mall.
Lets book business class in Buenos Aires.
yeah, hey. i need to know if you operate out of Tel Aviv 
santiago
no i want to go. i leave seattle
24 until 27 of september
no they are not flexible. you have nothing for me?
Hi. i need to get to cairo on the low
keep it flashy in terms of luxe
but no spreading the word about it..
we’re leaving from leon
2
ha. no..
don’t care. i should be back by 18th … but if not then the 22nd
I'm good, thanks! I'm looking to book a trip for a group of children with me as their chaperone.
12!
I don't want to spend any more than 2000, and we'll be coming from Belo Horizonte.
I'm only willing to increase by $200, would it be possible to find something with that?
Not even a nearby city for a couple of days?
Okay then, thanks for your help anyway!
from Fukuoka to Leon between 6 and 11th of September no budget- just tell me my options
…what? you haven’t told me anything about Leon yet….
what about to Seattle
Fukuoka to Atlanta
fukuoka to la paz
fine I guess that’s my only option
since apparently you only travel to 1/4 of my desired destinations... no
I would like to book a trip to Belo Horizonte
ok. I live in Curitiba
and I have a few days to travel there, from 24th until 27th of September
hi... i don't usually do this
as in, book my own trips, associate with proles like you
me and a friend need to go to fukuoka and be back in sapporo by the 13th of the month
i cant have this getting out though.. so i'm booking it myself
last time I had my staff book things I was swarmed by soul sucking paparazzi
Belem then
what is included in this package
fine. book that I supposed
Hi, I'd like to go to Burlington with my fiance.
We'll be coming from Tel Aviv.
Okay then. We can also leave from Montreal, if you can find a flight to Burlington from there?
Either on or after Tuesday September 13 please.
Yes! 3100 is the most I would like to spend so anything under that would be great.
How much would that cost?
Okay! Just curious, do you have anything closer to 3100 for a longer stay, or a better hotel?
Does this 2.5 star hotel have a decent guest rating?
Is the 3 star hotel also in the heart of the city by any chance?
You know what actually? I think I'll take the 4 day stay in the end.
Oh economy!
Great, thanks!
i want to get some work done. there are a few puppers that need my magic touch
can you get me 4 days or more in Sendai for 5000
wherever
i have an assistant

Can I leave from Alexandria and spend under 5000
hmm what if I left from Milan?
ok. book it out of Milan please
Hey!
So, I am travelling a family trip.. since I am in charge I wanna go to Sao Paulo! That's my top destination..
Can you get me, my wife, and 5 kids there from Marseille for 16500?
No. Not until the 20th
As long as we're back by the 7th of October, its all good! Tell me about the package
Rats - no good! Check out Salvador instead
2 stars... you really think I can bring that to the old lady without repercussions? anything better in Detroit?
fine. book the longer one in Sao Paulo
I gotta get outta Phoenix
I heard Brasilia has some nice casinos
No! You misunderstood me! from Phoenix TO Brasilia. 
just me, gotta keep under the radar for a bit till the loan sharks get off my back
3100
September 14th
What if I leave from Campinas instead?
Is there anything to Curitiba?
Phoenix
Sign me up! How much?
business if i can afford it. How much would it be for business?
Wow! Yeah, put me down for 1
Thanks, you basically saved my life.
I want to go to Dublin
Dublin
just me for now
Anything with a higher rated hotel?
Hmmm, could you check Rome then?
my dates are flexible, would that change anything?
well thats definitely sounding pretty good. I'm just curious to see if I can find a 5 star hotel. What if I leave from Melbourne instead and fly to Dublin?
Anything from Melbourne to Rome for 5 stars?
hmm okay well how about if I go to Sendai?
How long is the trip to Sendai?
what is the price for business class flights?
how about going from Kochi to Rome?
well that's not a huge difference and the Rome trip is longer......better guest rating too....yeah. I want this one, can you book it for me? ... actulally
can you book it for me and 2 others?
Definitely!
Thanks!
Hi there, I'd like to book a vacation to Queenstown please.
Beijing
No, there isn't.
Hi there, I'd love to book a vacation. I need a break!
I'll be leaving from sf but I haven't really decided on where to go exactly yet.
Sometime between Sunday September 11 and Tuesday September 27 would be great!
I don't really have a budget in mind. But the package that would make the most of my money and give me the greatest offer is what I'm looking for.
How about Pittsburgh?
That doesn't sound bad.
Nah the time frame sounds good. I'm curious about another city though!
How about Stuttgart?
I'm curious about Punta Cana.
Nah I think I prefer a longer trip so just tell me about the 10 day package please.
This also sounds really good!
I'd love to check out Rome, it's somewhere I've always wanted to go!
Let's try the 15 day one!
Wow that sounds really nice! What if I decide to stay in Rome for 10 days?
And for 9 days?
the unrated Secret?
How much would those cost?
You know what? I think I've decided! Could you please book the 15 day package to Rome for me?
Yes, that would be perfect!
Great, thanks!
I have 14 days vacation
whenever
I don’t know where i want to go, i was hoping you could help me decide. I would be leaving from Rome. I only have $400 tho
cant afford it. What if I left from Porto?
Can you tell me more about the hotel?
Sounds pretty damn good! I’ll take er!
Thank you!
I want to go to Santa Cruz from Indianapolis
what a rip off. why do i even bother with technology, the old ways of doing things are much more concrete.
I would like to find a hotel near a park, ideally. I only have 4500 between me and my assistant. We were thinking about looking for trips to Manaus first, we can leave from anywhere.
somewhere between september 8th and 20th.
When is this?
Thats perfect! How much is this?
Not bad. Do you have anything to San Juan?
No thats fine haha. Is there anything to Goiania?
sounds really good. How much is this one?
What are the dates?
I think we will take the other package then and we will take the economy flights
Yes please
Nope! That's perfect! Thank you!
Hi there! I need to get out of town on Tuesday September 6!
I'm based in Tokyo!
Hamburg please!
Is that leaving on exactly on Tuesday September 6?
Do you have anything that leaves sooner? I have to leave as soon as possible!
Do you have anything that leaves soon but also for longer?
That's okay. What more can you tell me about the 8 day package at Glacier?
That sounds really good!
Yes sure!
Great, thanks!
hi
i cant book anything so i’m just gonna waste your time so i can dream about a better life where i have vacation days left. can you check trips to cleveland from la paz
yep
anything to philadelphia then?
well i have 1600 in the bank so does it fall under that?
wow, yay for me. can you tell me more about the hotel, is it near a beach or anything?
cool. anything to san diego?
the 3 star
ah. if i could book, i would book this one. well thanks for your time, i’ll come back next year and save my vacation days for a trip to San Diego.
Hey there, I need to book a trip to get away!
I'm thinking about taking my family to Denver.
I'll just be me, my wife, and our son.
Fukuoka.
I don't want to spend any more than 4900.
Oh that's too bad. My son was looking forward to it.
But yeah we can try somewhere else.
How about Nagoya?
Do you happen to have any six day packages?
You know what, I'll take it. It's within my budget after all.
Thanks for the offer, but I don't really need it. I'm good with economy class!
Excellent, thank you.
I want to got to Kochi
anywhere. ive got 8000 and i wanna go between the 11th and 20th but my dates are flexible
maybe....is there anything with a better hotel rating?
Does it leave from Santos? I just found out that i'll need to leave from there.
sounds good to me, when is this trip?
Perfect! Can you book me this trip then?
nope! thanks!
I would like to go to Hiroshima from Seoul for 3500
just me myself and i
What about from Seoul to San Diego?
What about from Cordoba to San Diego?
nope just whenever
nice! I’ll take it
Thnx
Hey! I'm so tired, I just need to get out of Busan.
I managed to get some time off work between Thursday September 8 and Friday September 23 so anytime within those dates would be perfect! I'm looking for something for 7 days.
My budget's flexible, but I am stuck between two destinations.
I'm thinking about Mexico City.
Is that all you've got? For Mexico City?
Tell me about the 8 day package please.
How much does it cost?
Ah I see. Can you could check out another destination for me please? I was thinking about going to Manaus as well.
Oh that doesn't sound too bad either. For the 8 day trip to Mexico City, what are the departure and return dates?
No, I prefer something closer to 7 days.
And Mexico City? The 8 day one?
Okay then, I think I've decided. I'll take the 8 day package to Mexico City please.
Great, thanks!
Nope, that's all. Thank you.
I want to go to denver from frankfurt for under 2900 from september 8th to 13th
When is it?
Works for me. Book it
Ok, thanks!
Terribly! I need to get home to Los Angeles from Milan! It's an emergency hurry!!!
4200
yes just me!
No I need to leave tomorrow!
yes! please!!!
Thank you! You were a great help!!!
I wanna lay low so i need to get out of tijuana. I think i’d like to go to rome
september 16th
What about if i leave from Hamburg?
What about from Tijuana to Manaus?
From Hamburg to Manaus?
No i really needed to leave on the 16th. that’s okay, i’ll figure something out.
I wanna leave Tel Aviv & go 2 Vitoria with 11 adults and we will spend 2000 at most
:eye: guess :eye: could leave from Tofino
no. ugh. i guess i'll look somewhere else.
Hi there, my friends and I would like to go to Belo Horizonte from Tofino for a couple days please.
But all 9 of us will be coming from there!
No thank you.
Hi! I'd like to go to Washington from Burlington
What about to Toluca?
Balderdash! What about Melbourne?
WHAT!?!?! Ugh, kill me now. Okkay fine. I'll look somewhere else.
Hi! I have 6 days vacation and I don’t know where i’d like to go, was hoping you could help.
I can leave on or after Monday and i would need to leave from Rosario
nope!
I’d like to look at just the 6 day trips and if i dont find anything i like we can look at the 5 day trips. Whats the best you have in Maceio?
not too shabby, anything to St. Louis?
That’s the best in SL?
Okay, um let’s hear what ya got for New York.
no way. Do you have any 5 star hotels anywhere?
Well can i hear them anyway, I might be willing to work something out if i find a package that’s worth it.
No. You know what, it’s fine, I’ll just look somewhere else or take my vacations days another time if i cant find a trip. Thanks anyway.
Hi there, I'd love to book a vacation from Frankfurt please.
I don't have a destination in mind. I was hoping you could help me with that.
I'm flexible about that. But I'm looking for a 6 day vacation package.
Either on or after Sunday September 18 please.
Yep!
Wow, that sounds really good!
I was wondering... is there anything else you can offer? As great as that sounds, I'd like to explore my options.
So far, the Queenstown one sounds best. Have you got anything else though?
Wow that's really cheap. You know what, I think I'll take the Queenstown one please.
What are the dates for that
Oh! I have to ask... Is the Munich package closer to September 18?
Sorry for being so indecisive. I'll take the Munich package in the end!
Sure why not!
Great, thank you.
I need to impress some clients. I'd like to take them on a business trip to Hiroshima from Ulsan after September 20th.
8 of us
Nope! The sky is the limit!
That's not too bad. I'd really like to pull out the big guns tho, this is a big deal, do you have any 5 star options available?
Do you have any 5 star hotels in Curitiba?
ew. What about San Francisco?
okay that pretty much settles it then. Can you tell me more about the first package you offered?
Is there anything for this package that leaves earlier?
ehhhh, nah i'll stick with the other one then. Can you book us for the 4.5 star business flights?
Thanks!
Hi I'd like to take a trip.
I'd like to go to both Guadalajara and Rio de Janeiro.
No, I'm leaving from Mexico City, but I want to go to both places if that's possible.
Sure. But can I go to Guadalajara from Rio de Janeiro after that?
I mean, I want to go two cities.
There are two cities that I just have to visit!
I'd like to go to both Rio de Janeiro and Guadalajara. But from Mexico City.
yeah. But can you book me two trips in this one session?
I don't need to go there for that long. Can you give me a shorter package deal?
That sounds pretty good.
Yes please.
Okay then, I'll definitely take it. It sounds good.
Thanks! You should consider creating packages involving more than one city in the future.
I would like to find a vacation between september 20th and October 4th from Sao Paulo to Leon
No budget and just me
Sold! How much?
Yeah i want business class. Hook me up
Nope that was it! Thanks!
Katniss here, im in Rio de Janeiro and need to get to Paris to shoot a film
I guess i can go to hamburg instead and chill with Selena
Sounds good enough. Out of curiosity, is there a 5 star hotel?
Okay, i’ll take it, thank you and peace out!
Hi there!
I would like to take my wife and 3 kids on a vacation. can you help?
Sapporo
We were thinking of a few different options, first being La Paz
Yeah, we have 2500
We can up our budget by another thousand, would that help?
Kochi?
Hm, maybe. Do you have anything to Vancouver?
Bummer. I guess Kochi is our only option then..... hm. When is this package?
I wanna go to San Juan
Belo Horizonte
between sept. 17 and oct. 7
no
good good. Got anything to San Francisco?
no thank you. anything to Burlington?
Nope. Anything to Leon?
I want it! When is it?
Thatll work. Book it for me
thank ya
Hi! My best friend and I want to go on vacation to Porto Alegre.
Fukuoka
Yep!
Soon, but I'm flexible about the dates.
Yeah my friend and I are only planning to spend a grand total of 7100.
That sucks. How about if we decide to go to Dublin?
And they're all within budget?
Okay tell me about the 15 day trip then.
And how much does this cost?
And can you tell me about the 10 day trip?
How much is that?
That's even more expensive than the 15 day one! And that's the price for the both of us?
Alrighty then, let's book the 15 day one
Are you gonna tell me what the departure and return dates are?
Okay but when do my friend and I leave and come back?
Okay cool. Thanks... friend.
Hi I want to go to Tijuana from Santo domingo for 2400
yea
ya
ok....ok...anything to Indianapolis?
sure
cool beans. Anything to Denver?
ugh. i want this. unfortunately im stuck working a dead end job and dont have any vacation days left. Thanks for entertaining my imagination tho
I want to go to Vitoria. from Tijuana
i could go to Cancun
doesnt matter
yeah
2600
12 days would be cool. What other information do you have on the hotel?
not bad. yeah i’m down. wanna book it for me
business
thank ya
Rio de Janeiro to anywhere, stat. 
between september 8th and 19th for under 2300
depends, give me some info
What else you got?
Can you give me a list of places available first and if something pops i can ask for more info
What is in Mexico City?
Do any of these places have a 5 star hotel?
okay, i guess the one to Buenos Aires is good then
ya
cool bye
Hey there. I've got 6 days of free time and I want to make the most of it.
Yes please. I'll be leaving from Ciudad Juarez.
I was hoping you could help me with that.
Yeah, 5400 is my budget.
anytime in the near future is good
Yeah. I feel like being alone right now.
Kingston...Canada?
Oh. How much would that cost?
That's not bad. But do you have any other destinations?
What's the Denver package like?
Are they all 6 days?
What's the best one?
In the heart of the city?
museum and university sounds good. how much would that cost?
how many stars does this hotel have?
Not bad. What can you offer for Punta Cana?
No stars or guest ratings whatsoever?
That sounds sketchy.
Please book that 6 day trip in Denver for me near the university.
Thanks!
yo im taking 6 kids and 4 adults on a trip yo
gonna go to Leon from Boston
18100
sounds dope. Is there another hotel yo?
ok, ill take it yo
Yo! thanks dude!
i wana go 2 boston from hiroshima
betweens sep 20 and oct 4
no
cool. lets check kyoto
ok. whats in Seoul?
coolio. now Recife.
I wanna go to Santiago from santos
14 to 27 but flexible
okay. lets check out Toronto too.
what if i leave from Long Beach
ok. anything from long beach to santiago?
Okay I'll do the Torono from Long Beach then
dates are fine but i need to book it for me and 3 buddies, can i afford economy still?
ugh. dang nabbit. what can I afford for 4 adults?
LAME, pass. I'll look elsewhere
I want to book a trip for my honeymoon!
My soon to be husband and I really want to go to Ulsan for 5 days, can you make it happen?
Valencia!
After September 11!
Ooh we spent a lot on the wedding so we have to be careful. 4200 at most!
Are you kidding? What about a trip to Busan? You better have that at least.
I am leaving from Beijing and want to go to Curitiba
oh okay. I can leave from Madrid then
on or after septembr 11
3600 for 2 adults
not bad at all. Is that the only option?
Yas, what else can you tell me about the hotel?
What about the other hotel?
That one is way better. What are the dates for this package?
I thought you said it was 15 days?
thats better lol, okay so how much is it?
put us down for business
thnx
Yeah, I'm looking for an 8 day trip for the family.
Two and a kid.
I've got two places in mind. I'll be coming from Buenos Aires and I'm thinking about going to Santo Domingo.
No, sorry. I meant all of us.
I'm on a tight budget here, so not more than 4300
Anytime soon is good.
Let's try somewhere else then.
Fine, what about a trip to Burlington then? One that involves my son of course.
Bye.
tofino from Santo domingo stat
oh ok, just me
How bout to London?
How bout to Santa Cruz
Hi, I need to get to Melbourne from Fukuoka. unlimited budget and dates arent a concern and its just me travelling.
I guess I’ll just go to Kochi and meet up with my homegirl Selena Gomez so we can chit chat about the…..weather.
is it the best package you have? I want the best hotel.
ok i’ll take it. Whats the hotel like?
sounds good. Flight details?
business obviously. how much?
cool beans. book it
I need to get to Goiania from Beijing today or after but asap. emergency at home.
k fine i can leave from North Vancouver too.
6200
Is there anything sooner for flights to Lima?
Yeah
When does it leave?
is there anything shorter than 11 days?
well crap. Ugh I have not other options. I'll look at some other sites or just go to the airport myself and see if they can help me out.
I wanna go from Tijuana to Goiania for 4500
doesnt matter
yas
yes please
How much is it?
i’ll take business class
thank ay
Hi I'm looking for a cool place to go to with my friends, do you think you can help me?
From La Paz
I'm going with a bunch of friends but I'm just booking it for myself.
Yeah I'm not made of money so 3600 is the absolute maximum.
I hear Toronto is pretty cool! I can only go between Saturday September 10 and Friday September 23 though because those are the only days I have school off!
Hotel Richard? Where is that located? Is that in the heart of the city?
That sounds like a pretty sweet deal, I gotta admit. I want to check out another destination though before I make a final decision/
Got any packages for a trip to Paris?
Dude. You better give me some options for Paris right now.
Hey hey, don't be so quick. And that's out of my budget.
For how many days? Is that the one you mentioned at Hotel Regal Universe?
Don't book a damn thing until I say so, man.
Is it under 3600?
Is that all you've got?
That also sounds pretty sweet. How many stars does this hotel have and what's the guest rating?
Hey that's a sweeter deal than the other you gave me.
I didn't even say...Yeah okay whatever.
Wait, Is it an economy class flight?
Okay. Cool.
And by the way, you should learn to stop being so hasty and rushing customers.
I want to go to san antonio from tijuana for 7 days
yeppers!
from the 13th to the 1st
What are the dates for it?
well i think my 7 days of vacation only apply to work days so that should work since part of the trip is on the weekend. Can you fill me in on more hotel details?
I think i'll go for the vertex hotel cuz the guest rating is better lawls. but wait, i cant leave on the 12th ! ah shoot! sorry about that
Can you check Busan for me?
Yeah for sure!
I think the 6 day package fits my dates the best. Can you tell me more about it?
I dont have a budget
sounds pretty good to me, is this the business or economy price?
I'll splurge and take the business class flights, nothing wrong with spoiling yourself once in a while
Thank you
I wanna get to sendai with my posse from santo domingo
whenever but my bday is coming up so the sooner the better
4
Maybe but I’d really like to find a 5 star. Is there a one in Ulsan?
oo la la! intriguing! before i book it can you check for a 5 star in Sacramento?
what is the guest rating for the other hotel in Ulsan?
Yeah we will defs be going to Sacramento!
You are AMAZEBALLS!!! Thank you so much!! MY BIRTHDAY IS DOING TO BE OFF THE HOOK!!
I wanna go to Sao Paulo from Osaka for 6800
oui
maybe. Do you have anything better?
Anything in Queenstown?
The hotel is definitely better. If i increase my budget by $400 can I get a better hotel in Sao Paulo?
Okay well then I’ll take the Queenstown trip. Can you tell me more about the hotel tho?
Well sounds like a pretty legit voyage. Can you book it for me pls?
Yeah business class for sure! I’ll still have lots left over if I wanna buy some souvenirs so this trip is perfect!
Thank you kindly!
Hey there I'm looking for a trip from St. Louis to Kabul.
After September 6
Yeah, it's for a job.
But I've done it before.
It's been done before, so don't pretend that you don't have flights from Kabul to St. Louis. It's really important for me to get there.
Yeah, I figured. I can't believe you guys got rid of it. Is this a question of money? If I offered you more money, then would a trip from St. Louis to Kabul suddenly present itself?
So if I raised my budget by a few hundred dollars, then would you have a package to Kabul for me?
Okay, so what if I offer an extra $1000. Then would you have a trip to Kabul from me?
No where else damn it! I need to get to Kabul!
Nowhere else!
You can't look anywhere else because Kabul is the only place I need to be.
I'll go somewhere that will take my money and get me to Kabul.
I mean I'm going to another service.
Bye. And thanks for nothing.
Hi
Can you help me find a vacation package from Indianapolis to Essen for under 3500 and between September 6th and 22nd please?
Well how about to Montreal?
Nagoya?
No, I'll just go to another travel agency. Thanks anyway
I want to go to Miami from Beijing  between september 6th and 9th for 3500 and 5 adults altogether. The only thing I am flexible with is the price, if i need to I can increase it by 200
Well IF I make my dates flexible are there any results?
Okay, well thanks anyway.
I need to get to St. Petersburg to shoot another movie. Im in Guadalajara
this happened last time too ugh. I’m kind of getting sick of Selena always ranting about her Justin and Demi problems ugh. I’ll just go to Goiania anyway and hope for the best.
sure that works. Tell me more about the package
what are the dates
kk. How long is the flight and can i get business?
thanks. book it.
Nope. Thank you
Hi there I'm looking for a trip for me and my assistant.
There are a few places but I do have a budget of 2300. I'm thinking Belo Horizonte.
Anywhere really. Doesn't matter!
Sometime between Thursday September 8 and Tuesday September 27, and preferably a trip that lasts at least 4 days or more.
Leaving from where?
Do you have hotels near a park? I need a park to walk the dog.
In that case, can I try another destination then?
Again, I'm looking for a hotel near a park in Berlin.
No, I want a hotel near a park.
I hear Toronto is a good city.
In that case, I'll try Belo Horizonte again. At least I can take the dog to the beach. What's the most highly rated hotel you have in Belo Horizonte?
No, as long as it fits my budget. And is within those dates I gave you earlier.
What are the departure and return dates for that, and where is it leaving from?
Can you tell me more about what this package includes please?
That sounds like a pretty good deal.
Great, thanks!
I wanna go to Guadalajara from Fort Lauderdale with 1 of my pals
preferably between september 6th and 18th
I'm looking for high ratings but i'd like to hear about location as well, just in case
Nice! Can you find a package to Frankfurt? I can leave from Fort Lauderdale.
Oh wow! that's awesome! Out of curiosity is there anything from Alexandria to Guadalajara?
Okay well then I think i'd like to book the package from Fort Lauderdale to Frankfurt. Do they offer business flights?
Yes i would. Thank you. Do you mind sending me confirmation?
Thanks!
I have $400 and 14 days vacation. Need to leave from Brasilia. Can you tell me where I can fly to.
I’ll take the longest package possible. What’s the 9 day package like?
Well i do love the beach and shopping. Are there other places I could go to or just Belo Horizonte?
Okay well it’s better than nothing at all. You can book this for me
For sure!
Thanks!
I would like to take my darling little munchkins and my beautiful wife with me on a lovely family vacation. We were thinking about going to Atlanta.
7! Big family, I know HAHA. We will be leaving from Porto and I should probably mention we can only afford trips under 17200. Do you have anything between September 7th and 25th?
SAY WHATTTTT!?!? That’s amazing! What is the hotel like?
That’s good. What’s the price
not bad. My wife wants me to explore my options so do you have anything to Birmingham?
I like it! What else can you tell me about the hotel?
Okay, okay. Well do you have anything to San Juan?
Well bugger. Can you just tell me the dates for the two packages?
Hmm. Okay well i’m just gonna take the information you gave me and discuss it with my wife before booking something she might not enjoy. Thanks for the help!
Hey there, I'm excited to book a trip somewhere for me and my colleagues.
There will be 27 of us.
We're in Beijing we're thinking of going to Santo Domingo.
No, because all 27 of us live in Beijing.
That's okay, I'll find another way to book it, I'm sure!
Heyyy! I would like to book an awesome trip for me and ma gurls from Fort Lauderdale to Minneapolis.
3 adults
September 7th to 19th! and we've got 2800 between the 3 of us.
ooooo frat boyz!!!!! University pleaseeee!!
What are the dates for it?
11
Perf! Do you have anything to Phoenix? We heard its a fall break hot spot!
How much??
Is that for economy?
Well I think we'd like to splurge a bit and this package seems way better! Can you book it for us?
Thanks!!
Hey, I need to get to Punta Cana! For some important business!
From Tokyo. And I'll be bringing my kids with me.
1 adult and 3 kids.
11600
Is a 6 day package the longest you have?
How many 6 day packages do you have?
How much is it and what does it include?
That doesn't sound too bad. 
If I increase my budget, would you be able to get me a longer package deal?
So you do have something longer! Is that hotel also on a beach?
That also sounds good. Any other longer package deals that you've been hiding from me?
Okay then, I'll book the 11 day package.
How much would that be?
Sure, that sounds good. I'll take that! The children will enjoy it.
Thanks!
Wanna get my parents out of Kingston. I've got 2000. need them gone between september 20th and october 10th
I think it would, they are homebodies usually so I think they would enjoy getting out and seeing the world. Where is this trip to?
What does it cost?
I’ll give them economy, might make it easier to sell the trip to them if they know its business flights. Book it!
nope! Thanks! You’re a life saver!
Hey there I'm looking to go San Juan soon!
Belem. I need to go sometime between Saturday September 10 and Sunday September 25.
What are the dates for that? And where is the Brass Tower Inn located?
No, no. That won't do. I need to get back by the 25th of September at the latest.
That sounds pretty decent. What are the dates for that and what's nearby?
How many stars does the hotel have and what else is included in the package?
Is there free breakfast?
That's okay. It sounds good, I'll take it!
Thank you.
I need to get to Rome! It’s a family emergency! I’m in Tel Aviv!
Can you get me to Rome?!?!
I can leave from San Juan.
3000!
Yes! that is perfect! How much is it?
okay that’s fine, the airline said I would get a good discount due to the situation. Can you book it for me?
Thanks!!
Hi! I would like to go to Naples from London. I have 1200 and can go whenever.
How about London to Pittsburgh?
I can't increase my budget at all unfortunately.
Okay. Do you have anything from Phoenix to Naples?
Anything from Phoenix to Pittsburgh?
Okay Pittsburgh it is! What do you have available for my budget?
Okay, What else can you tell me about the hotel?
Okay thanks!  I'd like to book this one please
Thanks!
Hey, my colleagues and I want to go on a trip sometime between September 6 and September 10, if possible.
Punta Cana.
Punta Cana.
It will be for the 4 of us.
What if I try a different destination between those dates?
Los Angeles.
Okay let's stick with Punta Cana. I guess we could be a bit flexible with the dates.
Not really, but something as close to the original dates as possible would be great. So maybe about 5 or so days would be good.
What if I go to Los Angeles?
Nevermind. Could you please give me more details about the 12 days trip to Punta Cana? Thanks.
Which one's the cheapest between the 3 star hotel packages?
And the Plaza Serene Raven?
Okay, I'll take the Scarlet Peaks Hotel package please.
Great, sounds perfect. Thank you.
What packages do you have available between september 7th and 13th from Columbus to Punta Cana?
What is the main difference between the two hotels?
Okay the second one sounds a lot better. Can you tell me more about that package?
I can’t leave before the 7th
I guess we could look at Guadalajara
When would I get back?
I need to be back by the 13th.
I’ll try LA instead then.
That sounds wonderful! tell me more.
I’ll take that! How much?
Perfect! Book it for me!
Thanks you!
I just won the 2900 jackpot on the slot machines!!!! WooHoo! I'm wanting to take my cute little grand-babies on a trip to Punta Cana from Santiago.
1 adult and 2 children :relaxed:
What about calgary?
Hi, I'd like to book a trip for my family please.
We're a pretty big family. We'll be 9 kids and 10 adults.
We want to go from Kabul to Hiroshima.
Right, but we'll be coming from Kabul.
No. we'll all be coming from Kabul.
Oh the whole family was looking forward to a trip to Hiroshima, especially the children.
Well, we're already all in Kabul so Kabul is the only place we can leave from.
I'd like to send my parents somewhere, from Kyoto
Yeah
4400
Between the 7th and 26th
What else does the hotel have?
That'll work. What is the guest rating?
Perfect! What time do the flights leave?
What about the flight home?
Okay and the price you gave me was for economy or business?
I would much rather give them business, it would be harder for them to refuse muahahah! Okay, book it for me, you
Oh great! Thank you!
I want to go to Hamburg from Washington. no more than 1000.
No. do you have anything from Washington to San Antonio?
Anytime
Nice. Do you have anything from St. Petersburg to Hamburg?
St. Petersburg to San Antonio?
What’s the difference between this 13day package and the other 13day package?
Are those both economy?
Okay so I’m assuming I cant afford business then?
I’ll do the one from St. Petersburg then. Business class.
Thanks
Hi there I'd like to take my family on vacation.
We haven't decided on a destination yet, but we'll be leaving from Boston.
We'll be 4 adults and 1 child, looking for a trip between Monday September 12 and Saturday October 1st.
That does sound pretty good. How many days is that?
It does suit my budget, which is 14700 maximum. But I am curious about other destinations.
Whoa that's amazing. But we're looking for somewhere more exotic, so preferably somewhere outside the continent, if possible!
Isn't that still in the US? Can you suggest another interesting place for me? Maybe with a four or five star hotel?
What are the travel dates for the Goiania package please?
Wow, that's perfect! Yes, please book this trip for us! My family will be so happy!
Perfect! Thank you.
I need your help!
I need to bring my children to visit their mom who has been working very hard on a contract in Pittsburgh.
We will be 1 adult and seven children and we will be leaving from Kobe.
Not really
It does not matter really as long as the package is right. Can you tell me if you have hotel packages in Pittsburgh?
Which package has the soonest departure? The kids can't wait to see their mama!
I think my wife has 2 weeks off, so let's look at the 11 day package please
Do you know what activities there are close to the hotel? Any museums or parks we can visit?
Can you tell me a little bit about the hotel in the 7 day package?
Hmmmm the 7 day package is a lot more expensive than the 12 day  but it seems like a nicer place, plus I like the fact that we can take the kids to the museum.  Does it depart on September 12th too?
Yes, I like this package better. Please book us on economy class at a cost of $20697.17  and send me all the details by email. Good job, friend!
Thank you!
hello, I’m looking for an impressive package to Minneapolis
from Sao Paulo
for 6 adults
no. I’m spending to impress here
so spare no expense
any time after today
yuck, ok try Atlanta please
not really... anything better in Goiania?
brutal. what are the guest ratings for the 3.5 star
where is the 8.69 one?
oh ok, so there are two in Goiania... what amenities are included for the 8.69 in Goian?
not bad I guess... and the 8.8 guest rating in Atlanta, what is that hotel located near?
ok. I am going to shop around before I rush into anything
thanks though
i want to leave Pittsburgh. for 9 days
and spend 0 dollars
I can scrounge up 400 I guess if I raid my mom's couch cushions
whenever dude
yeah just tell me where I can go
what is the Atlanta hotel like?
that's pretty sweet.. how much would the 10 day package be?
dope. are the hotels in Calgary or Denver nicer tho?
i'd rather be at a beach than a school...can I afford to fly business class to Atlanta
fine book that one but economy class.. i'm just stoked to be staying on the beach for under 400
thanks bud
Hello. Oh my next destination is my home.. as soon as I get off work
If I ever get off ....
But you know where I would really love to go?
Somewhere with sun.. anywhere really
Cleveland is so grey and dead this time of year
I've been dreaming of going down to South America
Would I ever be able to get to Campinas from here with 5200 dollars?
Get out! How much would that cost me... hypothetically
:heart_eyes: Would I be able to afford a trip to Rio de Janeiro?
Would I have amenities included? What would I pay for that one?
Impressive!! Now, I may be being greedy here..
If I was to keep my sunshine spree domestic
And went to Atlanta..
I'm wondering if I could be under budget enough that I'd have enough left over for maybe another trip
Wow!! Sweet! Well I am still stuck at work, as you know
So I can't book anything
But I appreciate you entertaining me this evening
HEY. I NEED TO GET TO SAN JUAN
FAMILY REUNION!
WE ARE LEAVING FROM LEON
MY WIFE WORKS HERE IN SPAIN
GOT A TRANSFER OVERSEAS FOR AN ARCHAEOLOGICAL PROJECT. ITS BEEN FUN HERE

YEAH WE HAVE 14700 !
WE ARE GOING TO BRING OUR CHILDREN TO SEE SAN JUAN AND MEET THE FAMILY
THERE ARE 5 ADULTS AND 1 YOUNGIN
WELL JEEZ. I DONT EVEN KNOW WHEN THE REUNION IS !
HA~
WE CAN JUST GO WHENEVER I GUESS
AS LONG AS WE’RE IN THE CITY
IN THE NEAR FUTURE… SHOULD BE FINE
OK DEFINITELY MORE INTERSTED IN THE 4 STAR!!! ARE THE 12 AND 9 DAY TRIPS BOTH AT THE SAME HOTEL?
WHAT IS THAT HOTEL LIKE?
THAT SOUNDS IDEAL. GREAT LOCATION
WHAT IS THE PRICE FOR THE 12 DAY?
Perfect! And a thousand under budget! SOUNDS LIKE OUR WINNER
YEAH DO THAT PLEASE
OK THANK U
I absolutely positively must get my parents out of Salvador as long as possible between September 17 and October 8!:persevere:
Not me, I'm not going anywhere! I need THEM out of town! Send them anywhere you can!
Yes my mom and dad. I have $5700 in savings. It has to be something romantic coz I'm giving it to them as an "anniversary" gift.
3 star?!? They'll never go for it....they like luxury. Got anything that's like a 5 star?!
How about something on the beach? My mom likes to suntan.
The 4 star hotel in Rosario, what's that one like?
k the 23rd should be good...enough time to prepare for the competition. I don't want to spend all my savings though...they don't need to fly on business class that;s for rich people. Whats it cost on economy?
YES!!!! Lets get them outta town!
Thanks! :airplane::joy:
hi i have been given access to multiple intership positions
all abroad
so I want to plan a trip to which ever one has the best deal to scope it out
i am in Barcelona. and I can travel from sept 6-21
kobe also i have 4700 dollars tops for this trip, keep that in mind
is it downtown?
what about amenities?
ok well
check Los Angeles ok
free wifi as well?
ah, great. what are the dates
before i book anything can you check San Diego
which has a higher user rating - Los Angeles or San Diego?
oh, wow.. both are good reviews... well Los Angeles is near a mall.. I think that's where the mall of america is
I want that one
yes - business
yes, you're right.. thank you
Beijing to Tijuana Sept 6-Sept 9
1900
no there are 7 of us
Alexandria to Toronto
13th of September. until the 24th
yes. I have 2100
yes, just me
…no, I live here. I am checking out several places though
check Belem
um. what
Valencia then
I need a trip from Queenstown to Manaus. for 2
Luxurious
but I need you to keep it low key as well
a private resort ideally
ah.. no. I haven’t had a budget since before I made it onto Billboard
as soon as possible. I should be back here by the 15th though
Rome then
you’re kidding me...I’ll push my 16th concert ahead
and come back on the 18th then
pathetic.. why am I even here. check from Lima to Manaus
to Rome then…..
decent...guest rating? where is it located? what are the amenities?
I don’t know what I was thinking for a moment... i am not going to settle for a 4 star
goodbye
Hello. I have been offered a prestigious, exclusive, international internship
They are very uncommon
Very rare and very impressive
Anyway
I'm looking to go to Milan from Belem
Thank you, thank you. From September 17 until the second of October
I have 2700 left over from working this summer
and the internship is unpaid so I'd like to stay under that if possible..
ah - very nice. Um, so what are the amenities?
not bad, not bad. Can you also look at Sacramento packages for me?
very nice! Breakfast and Wifi as well?
Very nice indeed. What do previous guests think of the place?
So I suppose I would like that as well..But can I check Santiago packages real quick before I do anything
that's fine.. at least the other two options are nicer. Could you tell me the guest rating for the Milan hotel?
I think I would prefer that one. Italy sounds far more exotic than California anyway
What is the price and dates of travel for that one?
you know, I think I wanna go ahead and book that one.
Wow great, you've been super helpful!
I need to get out of Beijing ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Alexandria. Pronto. Alexandria is where's it's at.
Yeah try Tel Aviv. Tel Aviv to Alexandria
CRAP!!!!! Try Beijing to Cancun then.
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU ONE MORE CHANCE TEL AVIV TO CANCUN THIS IS A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!???
GOODBYE
Vacay time woooohooooooo
Listen I'm on a budget soooooo I want you to find me the best deal ever understand? We want to go to Phoenix with the kids.
There is my wife, me, her mother :grimacing: and our gaggle of 5 kids
Yes that's it  we need a good deal
We live in Atlanta and no more than $4800 for ALL of us got it?
3 star? Got anything better?
What 't the guest rating on the 15 day package?
NO. I would like to see what else you have. Do you have any other hotels or are you giving me just one choice?
Can you stop asking me that please! We take one vacation every 3 years and I need to look at all my options! If I increase my budget to $5800, what can you offer us?
It's nice that you are meeting my budget but I really need to look at more than just one 3 star hotel in Phoenix. I will shop around and get back to you if I can't find something better. Have a nice day.
hi. i need to get the hell out of minneapolis
i havent taken any vacation days in like 2 years, im off though from septmeber 12th to 25th
maybe essen

nope - i am treating myself
yes, getting away from it all. everything.
oh dear a 2 star hotel… for my one vacation in all this time. anything nicer in New York?
hm. marginally better
what are the nearby attractions? any nice amenities… maybe a relaxing spa?
sounds dull...what about in essen?
and anything nice nearby?
i must say, i am pretty disappointed with this. can you check Ciudad Juarez as a saving grace?
oh god, finally something optimistic how much for the 8 day package?
amazing!!, I’ll take it
business flights
nope - you have taken great care of me. thanks!!!!
hi
im just... exhausted. i need to get out of toluca
and i cant make up my mind where to go
i know a couple places but
i dunno
maybe you can tell me which is better
well i am off from the 15th to 26th of september
i don't really have one, i need to treat myself... within reason of course..
oh wow, thanks, but i was actually thinking about going to porto alegre
that's alright - i would rather be near like a park, beach, garden.. something like that, i've just been cooped up in an office for ages so outdoor attractions would be better
ahh, ok, well i was also thinking about denver
hm.. well how else does it suit my needs?
ah, ok. maybe you could go back to those places you mentioned before.. i would like to hear about Hiroshima'
what about Kyoto?
nice! which is cheaper, hiroshima or kyoto?
gotcha. well I like the kyoto place more
what is the hotel called?
ok. what is the Paris option you mentioned earlier?
wow, that's better than the others so far... is it near anything cool?
ah that's ok .. seems like the best deal. I'll take it'\
much appreciated - thanks!
Get me outta St. Petersburg! I need a beach vacation!
Just me. Santo Domingo.
2900
My vacation time is from September 24 to September 27.
No they are not. 
No I don't. Thanks for your help anyway, Good day.
Phoenix to Monterrey
I don’t think so
yeah between September 6th and 9th. but the dates are flexible
no. 6 adults
I have to be in Kabul on or after September 6.
Los Angeles
As long as my $3400 lasts but it has to be the absolute nicest place in Kabul
No it has to be Kabul. I will go somewhere else, Thanks.
Hello. I have some business trips coming up
I;m trying to get to Rome from Long Beach. Between the 20th of September and the 5th of October. No budget.
Yes.
Tell me more, please.
I like it. I’ll book the business class flights.
Hi. First time trying this out. What do I do?
Okay. I am in Fukuoka and I really have to go to Osaka.
Just me. $1200. I heard Osaka is really nice. Can I leave on September 20 please?
What is the exact return date and can you tell me where the hotel is located?
Yes sure! I'll take it and since I can afford it I will go business class!
Thank you!
hey yea so i need to get 5 adults and 1 child out of osaka between september 24 to the 27th or 28th
nope. just keep it under 2700 dollars
sounds appropriate. what amenities?
and that’s the only thing within our budget? what if I increased the budget to 2900?
ok fine’book that then i suppose
thanks a bunch!
I'm getting married on the 20th in San Jose and need to try to find a honeymoon to Toronto for 9 days... all under 2200
duuuude. ah
what about Ciudad Juarez
i am travel from septeber 8 until 20. to berlin from santa cruz
no budget just tell me what is best trip i can do
5 star is very great. is this a hotel on the beach?
ok pls check la paz from santa cruz
cheaper, hotel still nice. what is guest rating?
are there nice amenities?
it sounds good. i want to check denver too
not bad but not as nice of a hotel. good guest rating i guess tho
can you remind  me the guest rating from the first hotel in berlin..
pretty good - but lower than the 4 and 3 star ones... weird
can u check for st. petersburg as well
ok. well i like the denver package
do u know what attractions are nearby
i like it. go with that one
thank uy
Hello! I need to go to Minneapolis please.
Tofino
No it's not
No worries
hi
i want to bring my kids to vitoria to see their mother. so 4 kids and one adult ticket please
toronto
no set amount, but i would like a reasonable price
we are flexible
this is the only package at all from toronto to vitoria?
how much will it be for economy?
sure
:+1: great
thanks
We have decided to go visit my sister in Sao Paulo. What do you have out of Santa Cruz?
We are 8 in total. 6 adults and 2 children.  We can go whenever, let's see what you have to offer.
17100
Well that sounds kind of okay. What else you've got?
Nah I prefer the first one. What does the first package include?
And how much is it?
I rather fly economy and keep the rest as spending money! Can you please make the reservation fo rme?
Thank you, friend
Hello. I am travelling with a pretty big group soon - September 24th we'll leave
There are 7 adults and 7 kids
We don't really know actually! But we're leaving from Sendai.
Yes. $3500.
You're welcome. That's great.. tell me more about the Kyoto place.
Ok. Sounds good - I think we'll book.
Business, since we can afford it!
I need to book a trip for my assistant and I.  I am only free to go between Sept 6 and Sept 18.
I can leave from anywhere depending on the cost. First I want to check what you have in Milan.
4100
So if my assistant and I fly there via economy class, how much is it?
Now let's look at Manaus. Do you have anything from anywhere to Manaus?
How much for the cheapest 10 day package at this hotel?
Okay, let's have a look at Phoenix. What do you have there, preferably near a park?
Okay - one more question. For the hotel in Manaus, the one located near the park,  do you have any 4 day packages?
How much is that one?
OUF for 4 days I'm better off with the 10 day package at the 3 star. What was the guest rating at that one?
And it's near the park, correct? Is our breakfast included in that package? Can you give me the name of the hotel please?
If the dates are right, I shall book!
Perfect. Let's go with Manaus then. The other dogs will have to wait.
Thank you, friend.
Hey there!! Hope I’m in the right place for family travel :wink: I have 7 kids
And a wife and 3 mistresses
We all want to go to Santos
Tofino
2100 dollars ok
ummmmm. 3100?
yes. i am going 2 bring my grand daughter with me......
she want 2 go 2 tijuana. she is one kid
from  san juan
basically not ha ha. i am a jackpot winner
i have 4500 dollars
yes we can only go after sept12....back by october 3...
what is the hotel like....
i want 2 stay nicer place.
what is there nice in Chicago
ok Tijuana 3 star has free breakfast?
that is great..... yes i will book please... business class because i have the money LOL
ok bye
Hi!!! Can u help me find a vacation???
San Juan
Cairo, Illinois
Just one - just me
Nahhh
on or after the 12th of September
Yeah, before the 24th of September please
Well what if I leave the 8th
hey I need to get home asap!!! PLEASE get me to Sapporo
I'm in Indianapolis, was backpacking around Indiana. Can I leave like, two days ago? Its super important that I get home!!!
could you get me there any sooner from Fukuoka?? I found a flight going to Fukuoka from here in an hour
damn it.. Birmingham? from Indianapolis?
i have family in Birmingham I can stay with
that's fine if its the soonest I can get
unless you can get me to Birmingham from Fukuoka even sooner?
ah no, may as well stay in the country Indianapolis to Birmingham please. thank you
hey... i need to get out of Jerusalem ok
like now
like now as in yesterday
3200 max - can you get me to valencia?
i can leave from Salvador
can you get me to Beijing then? from Salvador
guess I’m hitch hiking
Beijing to Hiroshima please
2300
It does not matter
nope
I am not
20. 14 adults
6 kids
1 dog
Okay thanks I will try somewhere else
ay i need to get my parents out of SL this month ok??? can u book them somewhere from St. Louis til the 28th for 4300 bucks and get em out of here today if u can
whoa that's amazing. which one is cheaper
san francisco is way cheaper wow,. how many stars are the hotels
i am gonna need something nicer to sell my folks on it tho. what is the santo domingo  hotel like?
that sounds better for sure! is the toronto hotel even nicer?
ok well that's gonna have to be the winner in that case. go for it
thanks dude
Hello. I have 12 vacation days saved up and I’m looking to explore my options departing from Mexico City. Budget doesn’t matter, but I can’t leave until Monday, the 12th of September. What’s available?
Sounds lovely! Just want to hear what else is available first.
Ok. Not bad! Frankfurt sounds a bit better though. What else?
So the ratings just keep going down hey? What is the guest rating there.
Yeah, lets go with Frankfurt.
I have 2500 to spend
Hello, old friend.
I have 2500 to spend. Tel Aviv to Rio de Janeiro
Welllll that is just fine I will try another agency
My beeeeeauuuuuuutiful wedding will take place in Cordoba on Saturday and we decided to take a honeymoon after all, even though we will pretty broke from the wedding but it's okay, you only get married once, right?
Manaus is supposed to be sooooooooo romantic.  What can we get for $3400? Anything on the beach with a spa?
:white_frowning_face: What, am I supposed to leave my husband behind?
What about Montreal??
Kingston for 2, from Tofino
well fix that I'll leave from Guadalajara
whenever.. but should be back here by the 23rd
nope. not staying at a 4 star
absolutely not
find a 5 star in Dublin
I have business in Belem… business that requires me to be in close proximity to 5-star hotel type clients. I’m leaving from Vitoria, 3200 dollar
budget
I just need to be there after the 21st. I can stay as long as my budget allows
That might be good — sounds diva worthy. is there a spa on site?
That should be fine…. I think I’ll find who I’m looking for
Downgrade to economy class though please
I don’t need to fly business
I can use that extra money on a wide angle lens. thanks
Hey, I live in beautiful Toronto but I kinda need a break from my friends, can you find me a getaway?
None, I'm rich!
I got my boss to give me between Sept 12 and October 3rd off, can you do it?
Been to SL - HATE it. New York - MEH. Whatcha got in Columbus. Remember - I''m RICH! Actually I'm messing with you. I have $5600 but that's rich for ME.
Do you have a shorter stay at a higher rated hotel? Can you check what is available between Sept 12 and Sept 25th instead?
I want a higher rated hotel
Let's check Indianapolis then
SL?
New York?
WOW I got $5600 to spend and you have nowhere for me to go all out and spend it
Well, I guess I'll book the Columbus package and spend the rest of my money partying! Better be a nice 3.5 star.
Pokemon !!!!!! I need to get to Curitiba
From Punta Cana
SNAP
Get me a seat next to Mewtwo on the plane :wink:
Right after the lure party this weekend!!!!! So MONDAY upcoming
Ha! NO - this is my only focus, to catch mewtwo
5100 dollars!
NO there are 3 of us!
HEART OF THE CITY! I need that one. What is included?
For all 3 of us??
WOW. Could you get us a deal like that to Atlanta too?
15 days is a long time - we could hunt for ages!! Do you have another one near downtown ???
ok well let's go with the other one that IS in the heart of the city.. Curitiba I CHOOSE YOU
GREAT Thanks!!!!!!!!
hi there. i really wanna pretend im somewhere else
i dont have any time off and only 2900 dollars though
yeah. im in punta cana..
and thinking about burlington
hey either one - if i can afford both! are they at different hotels?
tell me about the 13 day please
is it downtown?
oh wow…. awesome. could u check packages to Sydney for me too?
aw, drat... no i cant book anything
i would like to hear if u have anything in madrid though
wow - of course i am! tell me more
that’s so cheap!
i told u i cant book. thanks for letting me know whats out there tho
I need to maybe go to to Ciudad Juarez
Anywhere it's cheap
1600 dolaritos
4 days
How much $$$ and is it near a park?
k no I need something near a park
How about in San Diego then?
Anything in La Paz?
Do you think they will let me use the palace grounds in Ciudad Juarez?
HI I WANT TO GET OUT OF CIUDAD JUAREZ FROM YESTERDAY TO TWO WEEKS FROM SUNDAY COMING OK
I DUNNO UP TO YOU LOL
HOW MUCH MONEY. WHAT ELSE IS THERE THOUGH
NO BUDGET JUST VACATION. WHERE ELSE CAN I GO TO
OH WOW IT IS PERFECT!!!! YEAH I CAN NOT KEEP GOING
I MUST HAVE THIS
PLEASE
U DA BEST GREAT THANKS
Hello I am looking to bring my 6 kids and I to Portland and leave from Minneapolis. We can travel whenever and have no budgetary constraints.
Ahh... Let's check Santos then
Reasonable. Any free wifi for the kids?
ok!! Go for it!
Economy please!
Need to go to Vancouver
La Paz
wtv
DON'T MATTER
09/20 to 09/30
yes
As long as it fits my dates 10 is good
That suits. Business.
Perfect. Book. Thanks.
emergency flight out of Kobe please!! get me out on september 16th
and to fortaleza
FORTALEZA
what about out of Salvador
yes
in that case just get me from Kobe to Sendai
nope I guess I need a different (better) agent
Need to book a luxury getaway for myself and 7 clients. Leaving from Vancouver after September 14th
What've you got availble in Naples?
Noted. What about in Guadalajara?
Ah, ok.. Nagoya then
I guesss we're going to Naples.. Can you tell me more about that hotel first?
Good stuff - should be fine. Book 8 for business class please.
Nope - thanks
I am young and rich and oh so cool and I want to give myself the best birthday bash ever just like the Kardashians, but better even. I need YOU to find me the BEST PLACE EVEEEER to go party with my crew of super cool girls.
We are from Monterrey. St. Petersburg is back in style now and the paparazzi is sure to follow us there. We want to be SEEN.
7+ moi
Yes 8 super cool girls make sure we are in business class okaaaay
Of course I just told you I'm rich and cool and the paparazzi will be there and I want to be better than the Kardashians and THE BEST PLACE EVER so yes the best so a 5 with a spa and a pool and room service
Okay San Diego, we'll go to San Diego that's hot right now too
Find me something in Cordoba or I'll get my daddy involved :thinking_face:
Welll that's a bit better we will find our own spa i'm sure there are plenty in Cordoba tell me about the hotel. Is it near a palace at least?
What's the longest we can stay there we need to stay as long as possible to be SEEN
We need to go all the way business class how much is this going to cost my daddy?
Drop in the bucket! Make sure they have the best birthday cake ever for me okay? Send the bill to my daddy bye.
My lover and I just got married - like TODAY And we wanna fly off to Brazil for a week or so. Can you get us to Buenos Aires from Toronto for just under 5000 ?
Nope, not at all. We’d settle for Chicago though. Anything there?
Are they all under $4800 ?
Great! Tell me about the 6 and 9 day packages.
9 days in the city would be nice. Amenities ? Also, please tell me the guest rating is 3.5higher than 2.10 ...
That’s a relief … yeah lets do it please! When do we leave?
What are the respective prices?
Wow - business absolutely!
Thank you
I need to bring 6 clients out to impress them for a few days. 7 adults in total, and we're looking to leave Queenstown any time after September 20th. What've you got in Rome that sounds swanky.
Amenities?
Moving on - can you  tell me your best hotel in Detroit?
Ah, that won't do at all. Anything nicer in Kingston?
Meh. Ok, Rome it is. Book business class please.
I am in the middle of closing a huge multi million deal and I need you to send me and my 2 clients to the ritziest place in Kobe, no expense to be spared.
San Juan
After September 14.  When we return is not important.
What's the guest rating on that one?
Is the 23rd your soonest departure?
What's your best hotel in Leon? Give me the rating and the guest rating please.
I like the sound of that! Before I get more information on that hotel, Can you check for the best in  Long Beach for me - rating and guest rating
That one is out, back to Leon then . For the 5 star hotle, do you have any packages that start earlier than the 24th? I want to leave as close as possible after the 14th . Also, can you provide me with the name of the hotel, what it is close to and the cost on business class for 3 adults/
I will take whichever package is near shopping
Okay I rather leave on the 20th. What's the name of that hotel and the cost?
Business?
Let's reserve that one then.  Thank you, my friend, you have been very helpful today.
buenos aires pls i go from mannheim
yes
between september 24 and september 27 ok
no
PLEASE GET ME ALL THE WAY TO CHICAGO
can you get me to chicago from Rosario like… soon? dont care the price, or when - they can deal LOL
what is the hotel like tho? room service? free breakfast?
is it near a mall tho… like with a food court...
lets do it
thanks boo! mwah
good i have 3 days off and wanna leave San Antonio. i only have 400 bucks so ill prob have to take a bus but if u can find me a flight that'd be sweet as hell. i'll go wherever, whenever
yupp
calgary is like, in another country so i would be down for that.. whats the hotel like
how does denver hold up to that?
book calgary please
dude business thats ballin
Is it possible to get from Alexandria to Fukuoka for 3200
No - there will be two adults and one child in total.
Surely you can get us to Indianapolis.
Great price for a two week stay! What’s the hotel like though?
Lovely - beachside is ideal for the young one. May I ask what the rating is?
What is the official rating though&gt;
That’s fine ; I am but a mere writer after all. And the length of stay certainly trumps the quality of residence. Please book it.
Thank you kindly.
I need to get to Madrid please - quickly.
And I need to stay in the heart of the city, near restaurants. Salvador.
Ah, ok - yes, there are rarely notable Cathedrals in the suburbs. Should be sufficient... And are you able to book 8 adults and one child there for 2900 dollars?
In that case my lawyers will have to book on there own - one child and one adult.
How much would it be then?
Ok, that's fine. I will go ahead with booking
Boy oh boy! I got these 3 clients and these guys gotta have the best of the best, don't ask me why! So what do you have in Dublin that will impress the fellas?
Soon after September 10th
So Stuttgart to Dublin and if the hotels suck check Valencia
Heavens to Betsy! you've done it again! you've found me a nice place. Tell me more.
Just to make sure, what do you have in Sao Paulo?
Let's book Valencia. Pleasure doing business with you.
from 22nd-28nd of september i just wanna flee town and forget about work, family, my mortgage, responsibilities, my alcoholism, etc.. i am thinking Ciudad Juarez
from Dalle
yeah from dallas
give me the details
on the beach?
whatcha got in punta cana??
check Mexico City
free breaky?
ill go for Ciudad Juarez
san juan to puebla for under 5500 i will go whenever and am travelling alone ok
ay bruh i got 3300 and some naggy ass parental figures i need out of my hair. where can u get 2 adults from maceio between like ... september 11th and 24th within my budgeT?
tell me about the santos hotel
not bad not bad. i would bank on that 8.37 as my sell point. for those other 12 packages - are any of them super cheap and swanky?
so Santos is the cheapest?? cheapest with a 3 star rating at least
but in Santos they would be gone from the 11-24 right?
oh good enough. howmuch is that package
book it please
Yes I need to go help 3 pit bulls before it's too late but I have to go where it's easiest and cheapest first. Everyone thinks I'm rich but I do this mainly out of love. Can you get me something in Mexico City for $2400
I can leave from anywhere is necessary
After Sept 7 but I need to be back by Sept 20. Please make sure you give me a hotel located near a park
no my assistant will assist me
Beach could work if we go early in the morning. What do you have in price range?
What's your cheapest in San Juan close to a park or beach?
What do you have in Athens?
I guess Mexico City it is! Let's go with the cheapest stay, these dogs are all volunteer work.
Yes please if you can tell me the name and some of the details concerning my stay
It sounds just fine to me, please go ahead and do the booking
Thank you for your help
i want you to recommend me a package in rome that leaves from las vegas. i have a travel window between 20 and 26 september
can you tell me the price and nearby attractions?
I need to get to Miami sometimes in the near future
Kyoto
ahh ok, I could do Tokyo. but if that's the case I wanna keep it under 3400 cause I could drive otherwise
Do you fly to Sacramento?
That's more like it
Can a colleague and I get there for 4200&gt;
Guess what? I'm a recently married person looking for a honeymoon package from osaka to manaus!
yeah we have 6300 dollars left over after the wedding
its all we have... can it get us to burlington instead?
san jose to guadalajara
between septemeber 6 to 21
one no
san jose to cordoba
san jose to kyoto
san jose to calgary
how much for the cordoba one
what is the calgary guest rating
ok cordoba... sounds better..
business pls
I need to book 4 kids and one adult to Rio de Janeiro, departing from Queenstown.
Nah
Whenever
3 star - let me know
Economy
Let’s just book that
Thank you
I want to fly from Jerusalem to Rio de Janeiro
No
Goodbye
Toronto to San Diego
1 and depends on how long your stays are
$3,700
Anything better? In Atlanta?
What would would the price on this one be for 3 adults?
How much for 4 days business class? For 3 adults
Can you check what you have in Stuttgart for 1 person under $3700?
I think I will take the one in San Diego but would like more info before I finalize things.
San Diego would just be for me actually. I will meet the investors there.
How much for just me then?
Okay let's go with business then.
yes
Thank you
yes im looking for mewtwo in Marseille ook? leaving from Fortaleza
with 2200 sept 11th
yupp uh huh
go to atlanta then
throw that extra .5 in
what is nearby the 3 star hotel?
3.5 it is then. lets book it
GOING FROM PORTLAND TO MANAUS. 4 KIDS TOO
YUP JUST ONE ADULT
I DONT KNOW YOU TELL ME
NOPE NOT AT ALL
WHAT AMENITIES?
ANY OTHER OPTIONS
WHATS THE PRICE DIFFERENCE
BOOK THE 15 DAY PACKAGE PLEASE
NO THANK U
NO THANKS
rome to goiania and i will go from september eight until twenty five
and i have 4900 dollars in budget
me alone
higher star
if they are both the same
ok tell me about the 8.69
i just want to know about the hotel
ah, ok, and price for economy?
well economy in that case. i would like to book
Thank You
My best friend Paris Hilton and I want to go all out for my birthday this year so you must find me the hippest place in Hiroshima okay?
Indianapolis
Neither matters just find us the bestest place where  all the celebrities and rich people stay
Is there a spa?
Do you have a 5 star in Kochi?
Toronto? I heard Toronto is the BEST!
NOT GOOD ENOUGH
What does the Hotel Oishi  offer in  amenities?
yippeeee how about food?
I guess if that is all you have in Hiroshima  what choice do we have. Does it at least have an awesome guest rating?
well of course business class yes go ahead send Paris the bill lol
my assistant and I want to get to ciudad juarez over the next couple weeks to take care of a little chihuahua
between the 9th and the 23rd of september; and i can leave from anywhere
uunder 3200 please
there is no park nearby though is there?
are there any other ones?
can you check Naples in that case
Atlanta
i meant to say that sounds perfect! beach AND park
let's book :wink:
hi hey hello i need to get to Atlanta
and i need to leave form birmingham
yeaaa 1700 bucks
yupp yupp
september 14 at the earliest
no no no not 3.5 stars
i need to be in the lap of luxury
god knows my photography subjects will be
what else have you got
i can increase my budget if that will help
i can add another thousand
I have never used this chat thing before I hope I am doing it right I need to book a most awesome vacation for my grandson and I
Yes my grandson and I. I won $3600 in the slots you know so i want to give him the best birthday vacation ever he has never been anywhere you know, neither have I . I would like to go to Lima, I heard the weather is very nice there. What do you think of Can cun, my cousing Joe used to live there.
San Juan. I have lived here for 45 years I moved there after I married his grandfather, he's passed now, he was a good man, I really miss him. My grandson is the light of my life now, his mama works too much.
Do you think my grandson would like that?
What about La Paz. Is there anything fun for him to do in La Paz?
We can only leave after Sept 11 and we need to be back before the start of school on Sept 25th. Do both these packages suit the dates?
I guess if only La Paz suits the dates then La Paz it is. Yes please go ahead and book and take care sweetie.
Thank you kindly
Hi
I run this start-up in Jerusalem. Do you fly out of there?
Thanks anyway
I've got 9 days to take off this month.. any time is good. I was looking to see where I can go from Barcelona.
Nope!
Tell me about the Kochi package first please.
Nice! I just want to hear about the package to Curitiba to compare.
Curitiba is a great deal! I think I'll go with that one
No - that's it. I appreciate it :slightly_smiling_face:
I’d like to go from Ulsan to Indianapolis soon but keep it under 5700 please
indeeed I am!
nope - just soon
Which is in a better area?
What is around the hotel? And what is the guest rating?
What can you find me in Maceio? I’d like something in the heart of the city.. maybe near markets or shopping districts
Even if I left from Fukuoka instead?
Maceio, what’s the travel date?
Price?
Ok let’s do it
Thanks - you too
I want to go to Kingston from Queenstown with my bestie! Can you get me there? I want the best you have! Highest ratings!
Just me and my friend.
Anytime but soon cuz my bday is in a few days and is doesnt matter how long
Do you have any 5 star hotels in Osaka??? I dont want the paparazzi seeing me in anything below 5 stars, embarrassing!
Anything in Antonioo?
That's unacceptable. Find me something better.
Hi! I have 4 children and I would like to take them to Santa Cruz to visit their mom. We are in Monterrey.
Correct. And no budget, I’m willing to spend whatever for my kids to see their mum
Nope! Whatever is available. We arent picky
I cant leave from anywhere else but we can go to San Juan instead.
Is there anything shorter?
Is that the shortest package?
Sure! Thank you
Hola! I need to go on a trip!
The 6 kids miss their mommy very much. Can you take us to Jerusalem?
..... I think I got a good idea!! I can maybe go to Naples and since it's so nearby my wife can just walk over from Jerusalem eh?
Cordoba
9 days is fine. Just need a hotel with something to do for the kids maybe... outdoor activities or at least wifi if all else fails
How much is it?
Are there options that are significantly better?
You know what, I'd prefer to take the kids to the first one. At least they can see the museum and stuff.
Oh you can do that?? YES PLEASE!
Thanks so much! My kids and wife will be so excited :slightly_smiling_face:
I need to find something between september 8th and 27th for under 4300 from frankfurt
no i just want to know what my options are
Not yet, can you give me a list of place i can go?
Can you give me some more info on Rosario please
Anything better in Porto?
can i hear more about the 4 star?
Yes just me. I would like to book this please.
thanks you too
I have 7 kids and we would like to go to Dublin. They want to see their mom, she works there. We live in Santa Cruz.
yup and no budget.
nothing in mind, we can go wheneveer
15
What is the hotel rated and what is the guest rating
Thats pretty pricey for a 2.5 star hotel…..Can you check the shortest trip available to Nagoya?
ugh thats long. I think we will just go somewhere else to book. Thanks anyway tho.
Miami from Goiania. 3400 max
Hi there, I really want to go to Osaka but don't really know what kind of trip I want. I heard from my friend you guys have a wide range of offerings so I want to check out what are the availabilities for Osaka.
I'm from Cleveland.
Can you show me things between Sept 12 and 28? I've a ballpark budget of 3600.
Do you have other packages with better hotels?
That's not bad, how much is this one?
How many days is the first package you showed me?
I assume this 4 star one is the best you can find?
If I increase my ballpark by 300 will you be able to find something better?
Okay thanks for your help! I'll take it.
It fits in my budget right? Let's book business.
Ok let's go for it
I want to go somewhere from toronto. ideally between spt 9 and spt 24. we will be 1 adult and 4 children. we have 13700.
Sounds pretty good but can you tell me what other trips are available.
Can I hear about the Spain package?
sure put us down for economy flights please.
thanks
I want to go to queenstown for 6 days
san diego
I have the 12th to 19th off
Yeah I dont have a budget, im treating myself for once.
I am very interested but before I book it can you check Kyoto?
No need to inform me on this one, I would like to book the trip to Queenstown please
yeah for sure, i wanna be spoiled
Thanks!
I would like to go to Ulsan from San Juan with my wife and son. I need inspiration for my novel
4800 and id like to stay there for 3 days
no but we can try going to hiroshima too
no but we can stay for 9 days instead of 3
Seattle it is!!
Good old Atlanta
Anytime anytime! Just need to be there. Oh also with my 6 lawyers
And my kid.. why not
When can we go?
How much is it for everyone?
Would business class cost a lot more?
Yeah..... no. Okay I'll take the economy flights!!
Thanks! Anything else needed from me?
Thanks!
I would like to go to somewhere, dont know where tho. I would need to leave from SL and i have 10 days vacation
I dont have a date
$0.00
ughhhhhhhhhhh i guess i can go up to $400.00 but that's as high as im willing to go.
well how about rome then
yeah
I like that. ill take it
thank ya
I want to leave from Tel Aviv and go to Fortaleza for 2300 with 7 adults
I can leave from Kabul
I can go to London from Kabul for 2400 and 3 adults
nope
Get me out of LA asap!
Heard Kobe is nice. Maybe I'll have better luck there..
The hotel's nice right?
I'll go!
When does that one leave?
no. I need to get out before that!
I'll take the one leaving today pls
Thanks, friend
I want to go on a vacation from Munich.
idk
monday to the 22nd.
4900
just me and my kid
Is that the highest guest rating?
Okay yeah tell me more about the hotel.
Perfect I'll take it!
Thanks
I want to go to Denver from Rosario
2 adults and 2 kids and im not picky on how long we stay
12400
What other packages are there?
Can you give me some info on the hotel?
I think the 3 star sounds better. How much are business flights?
yeah please
I only have 1800 in the bank though... can't do anything with that I bet
Hold on let me check... I tend to forget since I never leave my cubicle. OH RIGHT I live in Cordoba
I don't suppose I can go to Queenstown?
Can you tell me if it's by the beach?? Or a park?? Where I can go out and enjoy the sun?
Now I don't think my money can take me to Houston can it?
Then my dream city Seattle won't work for me either right?
Thanks! Back to work!
Can I go to La Paz from Santos between september 12th and 27th?
Sounds good, could you tell me more about the hotel and the price? I don't have a budget.
That is really good actually. What is the price for business class
nice. Do you have anything to Marseille?
Give me info on the 8.98/10
coolio. Do you have anything to San Antonio?
no thanks. Can you tell me what you have in Pittsburgh?
I think I like the La Paz package but what do they have amenities?
okay thats fine. Can you book me for the Marseille trip from the 16th to 22nd?
How much is the business one?
works for me, book it
Thanks!
I need to get home! It’s an emergency
Jerusalem
I can leave minneapolis then. I need to get to Lima.
Is there anything leaving on the 14th or 15th?
the 14th is best for my schedule. Can you tell me the cost
yeah that’s fine, can we book it now?
Thanks
Hi! You can help me by giving me the best honeymoon in Cancun!
Well we just finished our wedding in Burlington so we can leave from here anytime. We blew out both of our bank accounts for the wedding so now the both of us can put together only 1800.
Can you find me something in Tampa?
Nice! Is it close to something cool?
Before I get too carried away, is this the only option that works for us?
So it's actually cheaper to stay longer??
Okay.. We were thinking of only stay 4 days to save money and go back to work earlier... but in this case... We'll go for the 7 days!
I'm going to splurge for biz since I can afford it :slightly_smiling_face:
Thank you!
get me out of santiago for 13 days
i dont care
anytime
400
Is this my only option?
oh…well then I guess I’ll take it hahah
business duh
thank ya kindly.
I would like you to find me, my wife, and my 4 children, a trip to Guadalajara from Seattle.
september 11th to 21st or somewhere in between.
We have 4700 to spend.
What is the other hotel rated?
ew. Um okay, do you have anything in Chicago?
Anything in Las Vegas?
What is the guest rating at the 3 star hotel in Guadalajara?
Okay I think Las Vegas is the winner here. How much is the package and what are the dates?
Business if we can
Okay and what are the dates?
Ah Perfect! Yes book this for us please
Thanks!
The big boss approved Sept 12-28
I'm thinking of a solo outing down to Porto.
Cancun! Maybe 10 days? I've been waiting for too long so don't mind splurging on this trip!
Do you have anything longer?
Have you got anything better in Tampa?
Anything higher rated?
In a last attempt to find something.. can you see if there are better trips to Marseille?
Is it close to anything of interest?
Can I check which dates is this trip?
That's nice! Alright sign me up!
Thank you for your help!
I would like to take my wife and 4 kids on a trip from Toronto to Porto
yeah
How bout to  La Paz?
What about Cleveland?
Nothing at all?!?!?!?! That’s shocking. Guess i’ll have to discuss some different options with the wife, I might be back.
I need to find MEWTWO!!!!! I need to get to Paris from Kingston on or after the 6th. I have a friend tagging along to help me and we have 6000
Not bad, a Cathedral might be a good Pokéstop. Do you have anything to Phoenix?
I think I'll have better luck if I take the trip to Paris.
Yeah 14 days is fine
Sure!
Thanks!
Hi
I need to leave Beijing, I’d like to go to Munich with 10 adults and 3300 between us
How bout Kabul to Munich?
Any flights to New York for 2300 and 4 adults?
Kabul
Ok then leave from Beijing
I want to take my five friends with me from San Diego to Frankfurt for my birthday bash
ya
I dont care
I want the best. Nothing under 5 stars
It might. Let me take a peek at my other destinations first. This party needs to be perfect. Can you check Marseille
Nice. Anything in Pittsburgh?
I think the Marseille trip is the best since there’s a spa. Is there a spa in the hotel in Frankfurt?
ok then i’ll go with marseille
ok just as long as I get business class
thanks
I would like to take my family on a trip from Kabul to Phoenix
no
Take me from Beijing to Salvador from the 24th to 27th for 2500 or under
I need to get to North Vancouver to shoot my movie. Coming from Birmingham
anytime. for any price.
I guess I could hang with Selena in Kingston YET AGAIN.
ok tell me about these packages.
I want the 13 day
duh
Ya thanks
Need two tickets out of Buenos Aires!
Yup two adults! They can be anywhere in the world except here! For as long as possible between the 20th and the 3rd of next month please!
Yup, can you find something under 3000?
Not bad! And when does this trip leave?
Awesome!!! Book it for business please! I think that'll do it!
Thanks! I'm sure it will be amazinggg
I wanna find a vacation between yesterday and the 24th for under 3200 and leaving from Tijuana
no
Tell me about Porto
Tell me about the Goiania package
whats the guest rating
I like the one to Porto can you book it?
ya but are there business class flights for porto?
ok thats fine, economy it is.
thanks
Hi yes, to Jerusalem please.
Just me. I'll leave from Lima.
Tofino?
Ugh if you can't get me to New York then we're done.
For New York I'm only willing to spend 1600. Do both of them work?
What are the hotels like?
No shorter packages?
Alright I guess I have no choice. Please take care of the booking for me!
thanks!
I have 9 days vacation
Baltimore
no
I want to leave on or after the 20th
Whats the hotel like?
whats the guest rate
ok. Do you have any other options?
Anything else?
I think I will just stick to the one in Rosario. How much is it for business class
I only have 9 days vacation tho
ok please do
Goiania sounds good, whats the hotel like?
cool. Whats the highest rated hotel available?
Anywhere
Tell me more
more
ok i'll take it, is there business class?
yea book er
thank u
I have 4 kids i want to take on a trip to see their mom in Santa Cruz
Belo Horizonte
Anything to Punta Cana?
ya
no whenever
Okay that’s fine. We’ll take it.
thanks!
Hey! So I'm in charge of planning the next vacay for my wife and me plus our seven munchkins.
Yup! Our family's settled in Vancouver. I've got a few sweet destinations in mind but can you help me check Punta Cana first?
Yeah that's the hard part... we're hoping to spend only 1300
Ugh that's what I thought. The most I can convince her to spend is $1000 more
This is harder than I thought... What about Denver?
Sounds pretty good.. can you tell me more about the hotel?
How much did other guests like it?
Are there any other hotels or packages in Denver?
Okay.. anything for Santiago then?
That's all for now! I'm going to talk to my wife about the Denver option and come back to you once we've decided.
I want to look at trips from San Jose to Dublin for 3500 and under.
I thought I already said, from San Jose to Dublin
How bout to Atlanta
How bout alexandria
just me
Do you have anything in San Antonio?
ok tell me about them
idk as long as possible
nice…..ahhh. sounds great. 17 days off work...
No, I don’t have any vacation days left so I can’t book anything. Thanks for looking anyway. I appreciate it.
I want to throw my parents on a plane and get them out of my hair
departing from Sendai and i only have 4400
between the 17th and 30th
is the flights economy or business?
Ok, do you have any other packages? I'll probably end up going with the Marseille one cuz marseille is romantic so it's an easy sell but I'm curious what else there is.
What do you have in SL?
What's in Chicago?
whats the hotel like there?
okay. Well I still like the Marseille package the best. How much is it for business?
ok then i'll book it economy
Thanks
I wouldn't define it amazing but YES I need do go back to Minneapolis!
I'm in Guadalajara right now. Just me
Forgot to tell you! I only have 1300 in the bank. Will it work?
I just want to go as soon as possible. When does the earliest trip leave?
If I leave from Vancouver are there flights that leave earlier?
Not really worth it. Okay I'll take the earliest that leaves from Guadalajara! Economy flight's good
How much is it total?
Yes please!
I would like to find a vacation between the 24th and 27th from San Francisco to Fort Lauderdale for 3800
I would like to go to Salvador from Detroit with 4 adults and 11 children total
Anytime
no
Hi, id like to go to Goiania with my 4 besties from Kobe
Kobe…..i just said
doesnt matter
No I need 5 stars. any 5 stars in Rio de Janeiro?
Sapporo?
Yes! I choose Tampa! There lies my destiny.
I will have 5 fellow teammates are we're based in Columbus.
We were granted $15900.
Is it a nice location?
Before anything, can you also check Essen?
I can pull together an additional $500 at most.
No it's fine, let's just get the Tampa trip.
Thanks so much!
Minneapolis to Punta Cana
whats the hotel like
kk How bout a trip to Guadalajara?
What about to Belem?
Whats the price for the 4.5 star?
wow. i could afford all these. shocking. well i cant book anything. sorry for wasting your time.
I need to book a trip for me and Madonna to Birmingham from Milan.
2
anytime but i should be back by the 25th or 27th
Do you have anything in Las Vegas for 5 stars?
ok well i think we will go with the 4 star then. Can you tell me some more about the hotel?
sign us up. business class for sure
I need to get to Marseille from Dallas
trip for 1 september 9th and...
23rd
i have 1400
I can go to Denver
6
The one with 8.86/10 guest rating is better.  Do you have anything in San Antonio?
ill go with the 3 star hotel in denver. how much for the 13th to 18th
good ill book it
Thnx
Can you check Guadalajara first? I'll be leaving from Curitiba
I only got 7300.
When is this trip?
That could work.. is this the longest trip you have?
Not so fast.. what amenities does this hotel provide?
Does sound pretty good.. I'm curious about Sao Paulo though. Can you help me check?
That's a good deal! What kind of hotel is ut?
This does sound pretty good... before I book though, can you just help me look into Hiroshima?
How's the rating and star level of the hotel? Is it as good as the Sao Paulo one?
And I assume that's also the highest rated you've got? Are there also nice activities nearby?
Hm that's a tough choice... What are the dates for this? And also for the Sao Paulo one?
The dates for the Sao Paulo package works better for me actually! And I also think I shouldn't splurge on this trip since I'm not being paid... I'll take the Sao Paulo trip then! Business class though... :slightly_smiling_face:
Great! Thanks :slightly_smiling_face:
I need 2 get 2 Madrid from Beijing! Family emergency. Need to leave on the 6th
just me. ive got 3300
yea hurry
i can leave from jerusalem too
Well then i’m screwed
I need to go to beijing from Atlanta
Well good cuz i want to go to beijing from Atlanta.
well take me to Barcelona for 12 adults and $3100
i can go to Stuttgart for 3500 with 6 adults total
I have to leave from Atlanta.
I would like to take my soon to be wife on a great honeymoon, she deserves the best but we can only afford something up to 4200 for 6 days. We had discussed going to Punta Cana from Sapporo where our wedding will take place on the 17th, we can leave after that.
yeah lol we dont want a third wheel
What is the guest rating for the 2.5 star hotel?
oh. Well that’s okay. What is the hotel like?
do they have wifi or anything?
okay. are there any at the 0 star hotel?
That’s okay I’ve heard only good things about Cuba plus everything is cheap there because everyone get’s paid a dollar a day. I think we will take the 2.5 star hotel . What are the dates for this package and the cost?
Is there anything earlier?
Thats perfect. since the hotels probably arent that much different anyway i will book this one. How much is this package?
Perfect. Sign me up!
Thanks! You were a great help!
I want to find a vacation between the 7th to 24 for 3100 leaving from Cordoba. Can you help me find something good?
Yes anywhere is fine, just like to hear some options.
What else?
Better. Are there other places available?
5 stars! Now we're talkin! Any other places with 5 stars?
Okay well is there any more information on the 5 star hotel in Madrid?
That sounds like a pretty good package. What is the cost?
good good, very affordable. Can you book it for me?
Yeah of course!
Thank you very much, i'm sure I'll be back again the next time I plan on travelling.
Yes! I'm booking for 20 of us! Heard Recife is a sweet destination
Open budget! We're based in Tofino.
What??? :disappointed:
I want to go to Pittsburgh from Boston please.
nope but i only have 2000
12 i suppose
Is there anything with a higher rating for the other packages?
Do you have anything in SL?
3.5 stars sounds good. What is the hotel like?
Wow. Thanks for stating the most obvious thing ever. What does the hotel include?
ok I would like to book this one. Can I get business seats and still stay within my budget?
Good! I'll take it then
Thanks so much
I need to fly to Fukuoka from Hiroshima
just me if you can find something for Fukuoka.
I dont have one
I don’t have any in particular.
Sure. Is it near anything? Does it have a pool?
oh ok. That’s fine, let’s book it anyway, business class style
Thanks!
Anything to Minneapolis from Calgary?
No budget in mind.. And I'll be traveling solo! Although I can only go between Sept 8-18.
That's really cheap! Is it a good hotel?
Is there another option?
Don't think I can decide anything until you help me see what's in Dallas first.
Is there a business class option for the Minneapolis trip?
When does this trip begin?
Alright that works! Please proceed with business class!
Perfect thanks!!
I want to go to Barcelona from anywhere between the 12th and the 28th of September. I have 2100 and my assistant will be coming along. I am specifically looking for hotels near a park or beach or both.
I'm not picky, i'm travelling for work. What is the hotel near the park like?
Not bad at all. Are there any hotels near a park in SL?
hmm very tempting. Anything in San Juan?
Okay then that is out of the question. I think I will go to Barcelona for the 9 day package. When does it leave?
When is the return date?
good. the price is 1725.59 right?
Ok good. We will book this one then
Thank you for the help!
Melbourne please
In Long Beach right now
Okay fine... I could go to Kingston to see my bestie too
Doesn't matter as long as it's a nice hotel
4 star is the best you got?
6 days only please. Business flights are available right?
Alright sure let's get this over with
Thanks!
I need to find something in Kyoto between the 17th and 30th
Anywhere. I have 6400 also, and my assistant will be joining me.
What is the price and the dates of travel?
What are my options?
Where is the cheapest place to leave from?
Okay. Is the hotel near a park or a beach?
that wont work then. Do you have anything in Busan?
That is good, what is the price?
okay. Do you have anything to Santos near a park but with a lower price than the Busan package?
I don’t care where I depart from
Okay that would be great! Can you still check Santos for me though?
is it near a park or beach?
okay so not near a park or beach then?
you are being unhelpful just answer yes or no, is it near a park or beach?
I sure hope! I want to go to Santo Domingo!
No one else!
I could leave from Ciudad Juarez.
Actually yeah I could leave from Kochi.
How about let's try going to Busan then? From Ciudad Juarez is possible?
I hope to travel between Sept 8-17. But I'm willing to make it flexible to find a food trip.
Can I ask you whether it's possible to find a better hotel if I depart from Kochi?
Are there longer trips then?
Either, which one offers the longer stay in Busan?
Would the hotel be close to any points of interest by any chance?
Alright, you convinced me. Please tell me business flights are available though
Can you actually book it for 2?
Yup go ahead!
Thanks for everything!
Me and 3 friends are going on fall break and want to go to San Diego from Calgary from the 8th to 25th and we have 14000 between us.
sure as long as it's within our dates
What are the dates for it?
good. Do you have any other hotels available in San Diego with a better rating?
Is there anything better than 3 stars in Cordoba?
That's perfect! Is it near anything like a university or park or mall or something?
We will book this one
Thank you for your help!
I have 7 days vacation
I want a vacation starting on or after the 20th from Sao Paulo. Can you give me some destinations that are available from Sao Paulo? I dont have a budget, i will spend whatever is needed to have the best vacation possible. Find me the best hotel possible
the 3.5 in Fukuoka, can you tell me more about it?
How many days is the package?
I only have 7 days for vacation tho
Can you tell me about the Cordoba package please?
That sounds like an amazing package. I don’t even need to hear about the other ones. Book it for me
do you have business?
I’ll book that one
Thanks!
Next stop is San Jose! Can you get me there?
Current stop is Manaus.
Just give me your best hotels.
Is there any cool stuff around?
Sign me up. In business class of course
Thanks!!
I would like to take my fam jam on a vacation to Boston from Tijuana.
2 adults and 5 children
the 3 star hotel sounds better, my girls love to shop. between the 11th and 29th
Yes please it sounds like a great package!
Cool! Can you check out Ciudad Juarez for me next?
Yeah I think we will just go straight for Ciudad Juarez! What is the price for that package?
Well since we only have 4700 we will take economy.
Thank you!
I need to find a vacation between the 12 of september and 2nd of October for under 6500, leaving from Sydney.
anywhere
just me
kk what are the date
That's perfect! Is the hotel near anything in particular?
Perfect! So convenient! Book it for me please :slightly_smiling_face:
Thanks!
Hi there, what is the best hotel in Toronto?
Yes
San Juan is where I reside.
As long as the 1800 dollars in my wallet can take me.
Nice! Is that the best hotel in Toronto?
Can I get a longer package if I opt for economy flights?
Okay no it's got to be the best hotel. When does this trip depart?
Could I get a longer stay or a better hotel with an additional $1000?
Okay at least I tried! I'll take the first offer!
Sure... might see some celebrities in business class :wink:
Fantastic!!
I heard Madonna was in Tel Aviv, can you get me there from Santos?
Oh Okay well i'll look somewhere else. Thanks anyway.
Get the 17 of us out of Tofino for a few days! The majority of us want to go to Lima so let's see deals for those!
Ah no :disappointed: We're based in Tofino
I want a vacation from Sydney to Washington
Yeah I have 2200
How about Sydney to Houston then?
I can increase my budget by 400
I need to get to Burlington from Ulsan for 5800
Yes i can be there anytime between the 12 of sept and 2nd of oct.
I want that. When is this trip and what is the price?
What is it for business class?
I’ll take business
Thanks
Barcelona is calling me. Please show me the way there from Belo Horizonte.
Money is just a number. It doesn't really matter to me.
Well... I'm actually booking for a colleague in the end.... but yes it'll just be one adult.
I'm free Sept 17-30
What is the hotel like?
Do you have a higher star level hotel in Barcelona?
Yes... San Antonio also sounds nice
I could also leave from Mannheim!
Yes please!
Could you check if you can find a better package in Barcelona than the previous one if I depart from Mannheim?
I will take the 13 day trip then!
Hmmm I want to go for business.
Gracias!
Recife to Pittsburgh for 4 adults. Only 5 star hotels
Check Fukuoka then
Vancouver?
yeah but the hotel isn't 5 stars. You should try harder to find me a 5 star hotel, it's my birthday!
I would like to go to Rosario from St. Petersburg. I have 4600. I can go anytime for however long.
Do you have anything better in Santiago?
what if I leave from SL instead, anything better?
I didnt notice there was a 4 star in Rosario from St. Petersburg. Can you tell me more about that one?
rude. anyway, i’ll take it
yeah
Oh wait! I forgot to ask, is this economy or business?
Oh. well okay, economy is fine. Is it booked?
Fukuoka to Belo Horizonte. 6000. 9th to 17th.
Houston to Milan for 3
Houston to San Juan
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH NO!
no Do you have anything with 5 stars in Manaus?
Are there 5 star hotels in Kyoto?
Well we can leave anytime. Need to back in San Antonio by the 15th though	
It'll be the 2 of us	
What about Guadalajara? I could also leave from Brasilia too if that changes anything..
Okay 3 :star: aint gonna work
No worries thanks!
Hi! I have 9 days of vacation time. Can you find me travel packages on or after  September 20th from Ciudad Juarez?
Nope, I can spend however much I need to.
yes! Can you tell me more about the hotel?
Okay! Are there any other packages available?
maybe. Where are all the other packages for?
I think Sacramento sounds the best then. I would like to book this package.
Thanks!
Hi! We're thinking of going to Washington. Will try to get all 19 of us to go if that's possible!
Beautiful Jerusalem
I guess I'll have to look elsewhere
I want to go to Kabul from Baltimore
London?
Toluca?
Fortaleza?
4100 budget.
ya
13
actually no. I cant book anything. I dont have any vacation days left.
Get me to Atlanta!
Kochi! I need to bring it back to Kochi!
Will it be able to fit my 5 lawyers and 3 mini-chefs too?
That would be 6 adults total including me. And 3 kids yo
Man I was planning on spending much more than that to get a really nice package... since all of us are so high-class and picky you know
Ugh fine. Is it near anything of interest?. Oh also! Does it have wifi for the kids to play their games?
You said it leaves tomorrow right?
Alright book it for us please!
Thanks! Very excited!
I need to get out of Kabul on September 6th. Can you get me to Leon for 3200
Calgary
Yeah just me. It doesnt matter how long I stay but the longer the better.
Yes! Put me for business and book it!
Thanks!
Please get me back to Manaus asap!!
Currently in Osaka actually
ASAP!!!
Oh I forgot to mention I only have 4300 bucks to spend.. will this work?
Okay great! Before I book anything, can you check if there are any trips that leave earlier if I go from Stuttgart?
Alright I'll still leave from Osaka! Please finalize this deal for me!
Awesome. Thanks so much!
I want to go to Guadalajara with my home girlz.
7 And Seattle
Seattle
5 stars for sure. We want the best package.
No I need 5 stars. Check Kobe
Sure, tell me about it.
Anything in Ulsan?
Which hotel has a higher guest rating?
Do one of the hotels have a spa?
Well we really love to shop but the other hotel has a better guest rating. I think we will just go to the Escape Cave anyway. Book it, business class.
Thanks
I need to get home on or after September 8th!
I need to go to Belem from Stuttgart!
yes and I have 4000
as long as I can, its a family emergency
yes! Please book me the economy package!
Thank you!
We must go to Atlanta!
San Juan.
7 full size and 3 mini size
Can you show me the best packages you've got? Although keep it under 21100 please.
And how did previous guests like it?
How's the other hotel?
Can you tell me more about the 8.37/10 one?
Will any other packages show up if I increase my budget by 1500?
You know what, I will take the 3.5 star then. Are business flights available?
Okay let's book it!
Thanks!
I need to get to Fortaleza from Paris. We will be 2 adults and 7 children
19500
Possibly. What is the hotel like?
yes that is perfect. Could you book this for me?
THANK YOU!
Gotta go to Hamburg. In Puebla now
Dates and budget don't matter just find me something
Yup
Is that also the highest star-rated hotel you've got?
Where is this hotel located?
Got any amenities?
Can you get me into business class?
Only if you ca get me into biz
Sounds good to me
Thx!
I NEED TO GET TO SAN ANTONIO FROM TAMPA
September 26
NO I NEED TO LEAVE FROM TAMPA
OKAY. WHAT IS THE HOTEL LIKE?
NICE.  DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING IN ATLANTA?
YA
I WANT TO BOOK THE OTHER PACKAGE! MUST FIND MEWTWO!
THERES 7 OF US
yeah. Lets book it
thanks
Hey bot. I got all the money there is in the world
Find me the best okay?
Lima should have some good stuff. My bestie and I are in St. Petersburg right now
Oh yeah we also need to be back by the 25th keep that in mind
4 star? That's the best you have?
Find me a 5 star in Punta Cana
I can also leave from Curitiba, Can you find any better hotels in Lima in this case?
No. I'd rather have the 4 star. Is the 4 star close to the beach at least?
Yeah let's do that with business seats
Okay thanks!
I NEED TO GET OUT OF NORTH VANCOUVER ON SEPTEMBER 8TH. CAN I GET A FLIGHT TO DUBLIN?
NO I NEED TO LEAVE ON THE 8TH.
NO I NEED TO LEAVE ON THE 8TH. DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING LEAVING FROM CLEVELAND
NO BUT I CAN GO TO SACRAMENTO
I want to get to Paris from Cordoba
1 kid and 4 adults for 3300
13
yes!
Thanks!
Hey there! The 17 of us wants to get out of Tel Aviv for a sweet trip.
I can pay as much as needed!
I have 8 days vacation
from frankfurt and i dont know where i wanna go but i want to leave on or after the 18th
no.
8
Yes that sounds pretty good. Can you tell me more?
Ok. Do you have any better hotels?
yeah tell me more
Sure! This one seems to be more what I’m looking for. Is the hotel near anything?
business for sure
Thanks so much
I'd like to go to Washington.
Naples
I also had Sao Paulo in my mind..
The 3 star would be great if it's under my budget of 5600..
Great let's book it!
Thanks!
I would like to find a great package from Birmingham to Porto for 6 days.
How about to Naples instead?
I want to go to Leon from Nagoya between the 13th and october 2nd.
no
That sounds amazing. Before I make up my mind can you check a few other places for me? I was thinking about Boston.
Tell me more about the 3 star hotel.
Not bad. Can you check packages to Sapporo?
Tell me more
Great! One more place i'd like to know about is Hamburg.
can I hear about the 4.5 star
That sounds ideal. Can you tell me more about the 5 star Leon package?
What is the guest rating?
Great! I would like to book this package then
Business
Awesome! book it!
thank you!
Hi Wizard! I'm looking for a trip from Rosario.
Can you help me check Vancouver?
Queenstown also sounds pretty nice!
Yes please! This sounds interesting!
That's not too shabby! Are there comparable deals in Manaus?
How about Toronto?
Can you tell me whether the Manaus hotel is close to any points of interest then?
What's the price difference between the Queenstown and Manaus packages?
Wow Manaus is a nice deal... how much would business flights cost?
You know what.. I think I will take this one. Can you book it for me?
Thanks for your help!
I want to leave Jerusalem on or after September 6th
I can leave from Tel aviv and I want to go to San Jose with 7 adults for 2500
I am leaving from Marseille and want to bring my friends with me to Hamburg for my birthday bash
8 altogether
I think 13 days at a 4.5 star sounds the best. Tell me about it!
Thats good but I think i'd like to look at Mexico City
I'm gonna need 5 star options. Anything in Essen
Ugh that's frustrating. Well I think we will have to book the 4.5 star hotel in Hamburg then. It's close to 5 stars. Yeah just book that one then. Business class
yeah
kk thanks
I want to go to Burlington from Valencia
I will be going alone and I have 4100
When is this trip?
Do you have anything between the 10th and 20th?
Maybe. Can you give me more info on the hotel?
Yeah I think I would like to book this. How much for business class?
Business
Thank you!
I want to find a vacation between the 12th and 17th for 4 adults and 1 child. We would need to leave from Rio de Janeiro
We also have 3100
Can you give me a list of places first?
Oh okay. Well then I guess we will book this one. Can you give me information about the hotel?
Is it near anything interesting?
Great! Yes can I book this in business class with my budget?
Yeah thats fine
Thanks!
Hey hey! So spring break is Sept 26 - Oct 3.
Curitiba is one of the hot destinations of this year. It'd be totally awesome if we can go there!
We study in Atlanta.
Myself and my 6 best friends!
Together we have 17900.
How's the ratings of this hotel?
Actually we were also think of Dublin... wondering if there's anything better available there?
Okay we would definitely prefer Curitiba then. We'll take it :slightly_smiling_face:
Thx!! :heart:
I need to get to Osaka from Dallas so I can find Mewtwo, he's the last one I need to find and I heard he was spotted in Osaka.
Those dates are great for my schedule. Can you tell me more about the hotel tho?
good good. I also heard Mewtwo was spotted somewhere in Phoenix. Can you check there for me too?
Okay what are they close to?
What is the other one close to?
What are the hotels guest ratings?
Okay well I think I like the hotel that is close to the museum and airport anyway. Can you tell me more about it?
Great.I like the first package you told me about in Osaka. I would like to book it please.
2 adults and how much is business?
Okay book it!
Thanks!
I want to go to Cancun from Dallas
I am going alone and my budget is unlimited, but I would like to travel between the 17th and 30th
What are the dates for the 9 day package?
Yes!
Thanks!
Hey, never done this before, but I'll give it a try! I finally have some time off work and I want to see if you can help me book my vacation!
I am in Tijuana, send me anywhere nice!
12 days. I can leave on September 18th or shortly thereafter :grinning:
Nah, I will take what appeals to me the most
Dallas sounds like fun, whatcha got there?
Nothing on the beach?
Okay tell me what you have in Barcelona please
What's it close to?
Out of all the destinations that you gave me, do any of them have a hotel on the beach?
THAT one sounds good. What else comes with the package?
When would I depart and return?
No departures to this hotel before the 27th?!?
How much would that cost me?
How about economy? Business is a waste of money!
That sound pretty good for 12 days! Can I book that one please?
Oh yeah...how much is the 12 day package that leaves the next day?
So this one is CHEAPER than the 8 day package even though it is at the same hotel?
Weeeelllll this is a no brainer, I 'll just leave the next day and save a whole lotta money! Can you book this for me right away so I don't lose it?
Hi there, I need to go to North Vancouver please.
I need to go to Montreal for under 3800 from Valencia. Could you help me?
Just me. I need to go between Friday September 30 and Tuesday October 4 though
September 30 to October 4
Oh that's a shame. I'm out of here then. Goodbye
Hello, I'd like to go to Kyoto
Toronto. I'd like to go sometime between September 17 and October 7 please
yes. Preferably not more than 4300 please
How much would that cost?
And what are the dates for this trip?
That sounds pretty good. But do you have anything at a nicer more upscale hotel?
No, that's fine. I'll take this package.
Great thanks!
Hey I'd love to bring my 4 kids to go see their mom who's currently working in Washington, could you find me a flight?
yes please
We live in Boston
Nah we're flexible. As long as I can take my kids to go see their mother.
What! It's going to be difficult dragging 4 kids around, but sure I guess we can try Phoenix instead of Washington.
I guess the longer packages would be great, thanks.
How much would that cost?
I'm wondering for both, please.
I'll fly business please! The kids will have a lot of fun with that.
Thanks!
Oh man, I need a holiday.
Hmm somewhere in Asia sounds nice. I'm thinking Fukuoka.
Cordoba.
Not really, but I only have Monday September 26 to October 14 off.
Yeah, just me
Sure!
What about Ulsan? I hear it's nice there.
Ooh that 8 day package in Ulsan sounds nice. How much would that cost?
May I ask how much the 14 day package in Fukuoka is please?
Whoa that's quite a difference! I'll take the 14 day package in Fukuoka please. Economy.
Thanks!
My friends and I would like to go Belo Horizonte please.
We'll be 10 people coming from Guadalajara. If you could find us something really cheap, that would be great!
yeah, 1800 dollars.
What? Seriously? That can't be possible. Can you double-check?
Aw that's a shame. A lot of people will be disappointed. Thanks anyways.
Hey, I'd like to bring my family on a trip to Kobe.
It would be 4 adults and 1 child. We'll be coming from Hiroshima.
4400 is our goal budget. Can you find something good for us?
Wow that sounds amazing. How much would it cost us in the end? For both business and economy?
It sounds great. I'll take it but I think I'd like economy please.
Perfect, thanks!
Hi there, I NEED to go to Miami!
Queenstown. It'll be 9 adults and 2 kids
What? No, Miami is the place I need to get to! There's amazing pastry recipes at stake! Are you sure about this?
No, there's too many of us. I think I'm going to have to use another service. Goodbye.
I need a break BADLY. Can I please book a trip to Sao Paulo where hopefully no one will know me?
Denver
Nooooo....but who I'm going with is a secret.
Yes two of us. Just so you know, I should be back by Sept 15
Money is no object...and the sooner the better
Can you get us to Punta Cana then?
Fine. We will leave from Pittsburgh then. Find us something. PLEASE!
You suck!
GOODBYE
I need to get to Boston please, it's an emergency.
I'm in Belo Horizonte. I need to leave on Sunday September 18 or later.
Yeah just me. I've just spent all this money backpacking around South America, so I've only got 2800 left. Can you find something with that?
Yeah, how much does that cost?
It sounds good, do you have any other good packages though?
Oh no. The first option sounds the best. But when does it leave?
Okay that sounds really good. I'll take it!
Awesome, thanks!
Hi there, my team and I are thinking of going to Monterrey please.
We all work together in Kabul.
Oh really? That's too bad. I guess we'll have to look elsewhere then. Thank you for your services.
I sure do. This will be my first time travelling by myself so I am nervous. I really need you to help me find the right package.
Chicago. I live in Cleveland.
Yes - 2700. I need to be thrifty with it.
I can only go between Sept 13 and Sept 23.
How much for this 9 day package?
Do you have a 9 day package in Kyoto and can you tell me about it if you do?
What type of hotel is this?
Guest rating?
Can you check Hamburg for me ? 9 day packages.
Does it meet my dates?
Seems like the 9 day package in Chicago is the best value and it doesn't take me too far away from home. Can you tell me the exact departure and return dates so I can let my boss know?
Definitely economy, I'm a poor intern.
Awesome!!! Thanks!!!
Hey I need to get out of here, just need some space to myself!
Seattle! I just need a break from all the performing all those cameras. My best friend will be coming with me. We're thinking of going to Minneapolis
2.5 stars? Are you kidding me? Do you think I'm a 2.5 star kind of person? I think I deserve much better than that! Give me the best you got!
Let's try Punta Cana then, there's got to be something better there!
3.5 only? I guess if that's the best you've got... I also need to get back by October 1st at the latest for my gig.
That sounds pretty good. But do you have anything longer?
Fine, if that's the best you got, I'll take it.
Cool!
My friends and I would love to get to Phoenix please!
It'll be 3 of us from Tofino.
Oh really? I guess we can leave from Beijing then.
We can leave from Beijing though, right?
I guess I'll have to go elsewhere to book our trip
That's fine, we'll look somewhere else. Bye.
I'd love to go to Minneapolis sometime
Goiania. I only have 3300 at the most though
whoa that all sounds nice
but I want to learn more about other trips. what kind of package can I get if I decide to go to Cancun
Wow the Cancun 10 day package sounds amazing. I want to take that package so badly.
No no I'm not ready to book it! I want to check out Toronto first please
That sounds good, but not as good. I'm just going to think about it and get back to you.  I don't really have any days off at the moment. Thanks for all your help. Bye!
Hello, I need your help...my wife is super strict and she's put me in charge of the family vacation. We have $4000 to spend. Find me something good!
2 adults and one child
Let's look at Hiroshima first
Minneapolis
Sept 20 to Oct4
what of we add 1000?
Okay let's look at Belem for under 4000?
:pray: St. Petersburg?!?
Seriously?!
I will go somewhere else, thanks anyway
Hi there, I'd like to take my grandkids on vacation to Brasilia.
We'd like to go to Brasilia please. 4 kids, 1 adult
We're from Punta Cana. I'd like to bring them while they're still out of school, sometime between Wednesday September 14 and Tuesday October 4th would be great.
Oh I guess Alexandria would be good.. We've only got 4900 dollars though, keep in mind.
That sounds good, but do you have any longer packages? I want the kids to have as much fun as possible!
Well, we could also consider Sao Paulo...
No, I think the 3 star hotel in Alexandria sounds pretty good, thank you. Could you please book it for us?
Thank you!
I am one adult travelling to Maceio. Do you have any flights out of Osaka?
This is a business trip. I have a budget of 6900
12 to 30
yes like I said "I am one adult" I am definitely getting my secretary to do this next time now find me something cause time = $
who are you, the Grand Inquisitor?!? GET ME THE BEST FOR MY MONEY THIS IS A BUSINESS EXPENSE
Hey I need to get to San Juan to bring a recipe back to my hometown of Paris. It'll be me and my 4 kids, can you help me?
How much does it cost? I can only spend a total of 7600.
Is there a better package that suits my budget? Thanks.
It doesn't sound bad. But if I add another 1500 to my budget, do you think you can find something better for me?
I guess if it's the best you can do...then I'll take it.
Wow that's amazing. I think we'll take that one.
Fantastic! Thank you.
Hi! I am very excited!!!!
Help me find a flight and a hotel in Chicago!!!!
Fortaleza!!!
2600 but I really don't want to spend it all!!!
I can only do my internship between Sept 13 and 23
Yesssss!!! For the very first time!!!
That sounds pretty good to me but since I am new at this and travelling alone for the first time I need to look at ALL my internship options. What about flights and hotels to Detroit?
What about in Santo Domingo?
It really would be better if I was near the university. Do you have anything in Detroit near the university?
That decides it then, I'll take the one in Chicago!!! How do I book it?
Definitely economy
Thank you!!! :hugging_face:
I'm good, thanks. I have an important business meeting in San Juan.
Anytime soon would be good. I'll be flying from Buenos Aires.
That sounds really good, but how much does it cost?
That's even better than I expected. Sounds like a fantastic deal. I will take it, and at business class please.
Thank you very much.
Hey, my buddy and I want to have the best time of our lives!
We're thinking of going to Rome, we hear it's the hottest place to be.
Santa Cruz. We've only got 13000 though, that should be enough for an awesome trip!
The 4 star sounds great, tell me more!
That sounds so good, how much is that?
That's definitely within our budget! I'm curious about one other city though. Could you just check Phili for us please?
Oh the Rome deal sounds much better.
Yes, that one please. Business class all the way! Woo!
Awesome, thanks!
Hi we live in Miami and are trying to plan our next vacay, can you help?
Brasilia
2100 buckaroonies
my wife me and our baby
S 20 to O 6
okaaaay how about to Tijuana then?
Hamburg?
Do you know who else I can contact that actually offers these destinations?
UGH
Hey I'm thinking of going from St. Petersburg to Hamburg, can you help me?
Anytime between September 14 and 27 would be good.
yep!
Oh really, that sounds very good. What are the dates and how much does it cost?
Wow that's excellent. Do you mind if I just ask about another city? I'm also thinking about going to Indianapolis...
Oh that's fine, I'll just stick to Hamburg since it's already such a great deal anyway! I'll book the economy package please.
No, that's good. Thanks for helping me out.
I need to find a nice travel package that is available between today and Friday Sept 16
2900
No as long as I leave from Cordoba
yes
I can only leave on the 12th. So tell me more about the second option please
No breakfast included?
I guess that sound okay, I'll take it
Hi there, we're looking to go on a family vacation and we'll be leaving from Cancun. We don't have a destination in mind though and so I was helping you'd help us with that.
We'll be 3 adults and 4 kids, and we're looking for something between Saturday September 10 and Wednesday September 28. A package that isn't over 25500 would be good.
Long trips with highly rated hotels? How about that?
Ooh let's try Frankfurt then. Tell me more.
No museum or shopping mall nearby for the kids to check out?
Oh that's alright then, hopefully we'll find something! How much would that cost?
Okay great, we'll take the economy package for that please.
Thanks!
Oh my god there are so many places I want to go but I don't know which to choose from.
Oh I'm from Santo Domingo.
Yeah I have a few in mind. I hear Queenstown is great, very historical. Let's start with that.
Nah, not really. It's flexible.
Oh yes! Friday September 16 to Wednesday September 28.
Wow that's very good. I'm definitely keeping that one in mind. I have to say though, I'm also curious about St. Louis.
Oh that's fine. How about Columbus?
Ah Queenstown still sounds much better.
Hmmm can I just ask about one more destination please? I'm also thinking about Busan.
How much would that be and how much would the Queenstown one be?
And the Queenstown one?
Whoa, huge difference! I think we have a clear winner then. Queenstown it is!
Great, thanks!
I need to book a business trip for 4 potential large clients and I, Leaving from Philadelphia
It doesn't matter where as long as it is big and impressive, the best of the best. After Sept 25.
What's the guest rating on that?
Is it close to any interesting landmarks?
If I make it a 5 day stay, can you find something nicer? I have unlimited budget
What city is this one in?
San Juan is cool. Is this one available with business class flights and how much is it?
What about the 20 day package in Rome?
I'll book the San Juan package in business class flights, 20 days is much too long with my clients
Thank you
Hey there, I'd love a trip from Recife to Barcelona please, can you help  me?
I'm flexible with that, I just know I have 4500 to spend on this trip!
Yeah, just me.
Sure I'll take the longest then. Could you give me more info? What else is included?
Ok how much is it then?
You know what? I'll take first class.
Excellent, thank you very much.
Hi there, I'm looking to go to Brasilia between September 30 and October 4, could you help me?
Portland
yes!
Yes, I'm looking for something not more than 2000.
Nothing? Nothing at all?
Okay then. I'm off. Bye.
My name is Stephen King and I want to book a  quiet getaway
Kyoto from crazy noisy St. Louis
5400 for the 3 of us
Yes my wife and son will be coming with me but he is 18
I need 12 days to finish my book and we can go anytime
Try Leon instead please, heard it's quiet there too
what if we only stay 9 days at either Kyoto or Leon, can you find me something?
thank you
We are a large family wanting to travel together to Fortaleza, what can you do for us?
4 adults and 5 little itty bitty ones
Frankfurt
Between us we've got 19900 we saved up
Anytime is good for us!
Can we go to a nice place for 10 days for 19900?
I like the guest rating on that! Do you know if there's a pool for the little ones?
How much is this one?
Allrighty we will book the economy and keep the rest for a rainy day! Thank you kindly.
hey, we're having a huge family trip. Think you can help us?
13 kids and 13 adults! Big family eh?
We'll be going to Santa Cruz from Tofino. Please get us the very best :slightly_smiling_face:
Oh no, really?
Oh no, the children will be so disappointed. All 13 of them.
Hey, I need to get back home to Milan!
Monterrey! I need leave on Monday September 26 or after.
Yeah I've only got 2400 'cause I spent too much of it travelling for the last month already.
Oh really? How about if I leave from Berlin?
As soon as possible! How much is it?
What! That's amazing. I'll take it.
I have a CRUCIAL meeting with my investors in Santa Cruz, you MUST get me there
Santiago
Not for Santa Cruz
To Santa Cruz, yes
Anytime, I'll schedule the meeting once I get my flights confirmed
Okay I thought that may be the case so I have a back-up plan. Fly me to Washington from Santiago with my 5 colleagues then. No more than 2600 though.
Can you try Tofino then? For 12 of us?
2000
Ridiculous
Hi I've got 9 days free and I'm looking for a vacation. I live in San Francisco.
No, dates or places in mind. Was hoping you could help me. Something as cheap as possible.
Just something crazy cheap.
That's not crazy cheap
what's the cheapest you got?
How about a budget of $400?
Yes let's go with that!
No, it sounds good. I'll take it.
Thanks!
I need to get to Fortaleza on September 8th or soon after!
Guadalajara. I only have 2300 but I need the best hotel!
yes just me, it's for work, need to take pictures of some very important people
The 8.69 then! how long is the package?
Great, how much is it?
What happens if I increase to 3300...could I get a 4 star hotel with that?
Ok, I'll stick with the 18 day package. Economy please!
Thanks
We're finally going on vacation isn't that amazing? We have lots of money- 15600 even!
Anywhere! Just get us out of Cleveland!
14 total, can you believe it?
nope 7 adults
Sept 12 and we all need to be back by the 1st
Not big on SL...got anything else?
What can you give us in Indianapolis?
Not great...Fort Lauderdale?
Nice guest rating but 2 star is just way too low, plus it's more expensive. SL makes more sense. Is it $7573.39 for all 14 of us?
Can you give me the departure time please so i can let everyone know?
Those times are reasonable with kids. I guess I will reserve that one. What do you need from me?
Fantastic. Thanks a bunch!
Hi there, I'm looking for a place to get away with my best friend. Do you think you can give an amazing package?
We're leaving from Tofino and we're thinking of going to Santos.
Oh really? Don't you know who I am?
Fine, if you're going to be like that... I guess we can leave from Frankfurt.
Is 3.5 stars the best you can do? Are you serious? How about if we go to St. Louis then
What's the most highly guest-rated hotel you have?
What more can you tell me about this package
How much is it? And does it come before September 12th? Because that's when I need to get back in order to perform.
okay, I'm talking business class here. Do I look like an economy class type of person to you? What do you take me for?
Cut the attitude and stop treating me like a second-class citizen. I'll take this package but that's the last time I'm ever going to use your services
I need to book a trip for the whole family from Tampa but we don't know where to go. Can you help us?
5 adults and 7 kids! Yup, the lot of us. We want to spend no more than 32800.
Oh yes! Between September 12 and 26!
That sounds amazing, and it's within those dates? Is that economy class?
Ok perfect, book me!
Thanks!
